dear colleague:

     by working with americans in many walks of life,
the clinton administration is developing a broad
vision of an advanced information infrastructure. as
an interconnection of computer networks,
telecommunications services, and applications, the
national information infrastructure (nii) can make a
difference not just in how people work but in how well
they live. this document explores some of the benefits
and barriers to how people and organizations will use the
nii.

     last may, the administration released "putting
the information infrastructure to work," which
explored applications of the nii in several important
areas. the report, released as a draft for public
comment, has been successful in drawing input from
industry, educators, governmental agencies, and the
general public.

     we are releasing a second group of papers as a
draft for public comment. this set of papers examines
eight areas in which nii applications can enhance the
quality of life. specifically, they address how an
advanced information infrastructure applies to people
with disabilities, electrical power, transportation,
telecommuting, emergency management, arts and
humanities, public safety, and environmental
information.

     this report was prepared by the committee on
applications and technology of the information
infrastructure task force. the committee is charged
with coordinating administration efforts to:

         develop, demonstrate, and promote
          applications of information technology in
          numerous application areas, including, but
          not limited to, manufacturing, electronic
          commerce, education, health care, government
          services, libraries, environmental
          monitoring, and those addressed in this
          document; and
        
         develop and recommend technology strategies
          and policy to accelerate the implementation
          of the nii.

     we invite you to comment on the papers by
responding to the questions they pose and raising
other issues relevant to the application areas. your
response will illuminate and guide government policies
and investments to accelerate nii applications.

     we look forward to hearing from you.

                                                       
                        sincerely,



                        ronald h. brown


this paper is intended for public comment and
discussion.  your comments can be sent to any of the
following addresses:

post:   committee on applications and technology
        national institute of standards and technology
        building 415, room 102
        gaithersburg, md  20899

phone:  (301) 975-4529

fax:    (301) 948-7242

email:  cat_exec@nist.gov


table of contents


acknowledgements

introduction

nii: an investment in people with disabilities

supply and demand of electric power and the nii

improving transportation: the nii and intelligent
transportation systems

promoting telecommuting:  an application of the nii

the effect of the nii on local, state, and federal
emergency management

public empowerment with environmental information

arts, humanities, and culture on the nii

public safety and the nii:  supporting law enforcement
and criminal justice

acknowledgments

the information infrastructure task force and the committee on
applications and technology would like to thank the following
people for their devoted efforts in developing this document.

coordinator
  david lytel, national institute of standards and techology

people with disabilities
  michela alioto, office of the vice president
  susan brummel, general services administration

electric power supply and demand
  bob aiken, department of energy
  john cavallini, department of energy
  frank olken, department of energy

transportation
  len long, department of transportation
  gary ritter, department of transportation

telecommuting
  wendell joice, general services administration
  warren master, general services administration

emergency management
  gordon fullerton, federal emergency management agency
  helena mitchell, emergency broadcast system

environmental information
  eliot christian, united states geological survey
  pat garvey, environmental protection agency

arts, humanities, and culture
  ellen mcculloch-lovell, president's committee on the arts and 
    humanities

public safety
  dan schneider, department of justice

last updated:  september 7, 1994



introduction


part i:  introduction

this document is the second volume of papers in which
the information infrastructure task force has
attempted to articulate in clear terms, with
sufficient detail, how improvements in the national
information infrastructure can help us meet other
social goals.  these are not plans to be enacted, but
the material with which the citizens and their elected
government may have a structured conversation, a
purposeful interaction and deliberation on the issues
raised in the evolution of more capable means of
information processing and human communications.  at
the highest levels of rhetoric and abstraction it is
not necessary to reconcile opposing values like
freedom and equality. but working out the details of
how new communications media will be introduced
involves some crucial choices on matters that have
historically been the intellectual underpinnings of
our democratic society:  what is the proper balance
between individual liberty and the functioning of
social and political institutions like governments,
businesses, and associations?  how may citizens
maintain a sphere in which their private actions are
revealed to no one, while deriving the benefits of
technological systems whose healthy functioning
requires that demand and usage be anticipated,
measured and controlled?  how can we ensure that the
chorus of our community includes the voices of
everyone?

our first volume, titled putting the information
infrastructure to work, discussed nii applications in
the areas of education and lifelong learning, health
care, libraries, manufacturing, electronic commerce,
environmental monitoring, and government service
delivery.  the chapters of this volume help define a
national vision for how advanced communications and
computing technologies can:

 enable americans with disabilities to achieve full
citizenship in our society

 improve the production, consumption, and management
of our energy resources 

 increase the safety and efficiency of our
transportation system

 allow greater flexibility and worker satisfaction
through telecommuting

 save lives and property in times of large-scale
emergencies and natural disasters

 empower citizen action to maintain a clean
environment

 ensure that nonprofit cultural institutions
maintain their position on the front lines of popular
creativity and expression

 further educate and better inform both citizens and
the agencies they rely upon to maintain public safety

we raise these issues in part to render them
accessible to the broadest number of americans.  yet,
their identification as public decisions serves
another purpose.  some of the benefits of an improved
information infrastructure are public goods that, like
air and water, must be maintained collectively by the
community at large in order that each of us may share
them.  much of the evolution of the national
information infrastructure will be driven by private
investment decisions on new network capabilities or
individual consumer spending decisions on new access
devices people may want to buy.  but there are also
crucial components to an infrastructure that we can
only establish and maintain as a community, not merely
as a collection of individuals.

part ii:  issues common to all of the application
papers

not surprisingly, many of the same themes that emerged
from our first volume of papers continue to be
expressed in this volume.  however, with a different
set of examples some of these themes take on new
meaning in their new context. 

equity of access

the most urgent requirement that these papers express
is that no one's ability to be a full citizen in our
republic can be lessened by technological change. 
equity of access here is broadened in two ways.  it
includes not just fully abled citizens but also
americans who are experiencing either temporary or
permanent loss of one of their senses or who are
mobility impaired.  almost a fifth of the u.s.
population is disabled in some way, and that number
will increase as the number of older americans
increases.  america cannot afford to marginalize the
contribution these citizens have to make to our
collective enterprise.  how can the nii be used to
compensate for, rather than exacerbate, the gap
between the abled and the disabled, so that one's
standing as a citizen is not affected by the strength
of one's eyes or ears or legs?  equity of access also
means inclusion of america's thriving and vibrant
private associations alongside profit-making
organizations and public institutions.  while we often
organize ourselves in groups to engage in profit-
making activities, much of what we do is through our
associations and voluntary activities.  this is
especially true in the area of arts and culture, and
will have a great impact upon the content available
with an improved nii.  an improved nii must enhance
the ability of many people to engage in creative
endeavors: to be writers, artists, performers, and
historians.  how can we ensure that the ability to
express ourselves is not limited only to the small
portion of the population who are able to earn their
living as artists and performers?  what actions must
we take to extend the capacity for expression?

technologically robust architecture

all of the papers here contribute to a broadened
understanding of what the nii can be.  these papers go
well beyond the narrow conception of the nii as a
means by which people can have more choices of what to
watch on television.  a more intelligent management of
our energy resources, for example, could be enhanced
if the information infrastructure allowed energy
production and storage to be decentralized.  the
onboard display of vehicle location in conjunction
with current road conditions could reduce the amount
of time people spend in transit.  and remote work
locations could reduce the distance they have to
travel as well.  none of these application areas will
be able to develop if we build a specialized
infrastructure whose exclusive purpose is to deliver
more entertainment on television.  they require full
connectivity at many different points on the network,
and interoperability between networks and services. 
what is the most thoughtful implementation, especially
of the emerging wireless communications
infrastructure, that can facilitate these public
purposes?  how can we ensure that capabilities that
can improve the quality of our lives evolve along with
the sorts of services that offer more immediate, short
term commercial reward?

diversity of content

just as no technology or social strata of our society
should be able to dominate what is pictured here as a
shared, common set of capabilities for information
processing and communication, no one part of our
society should have exclusive control over what gets
communicated.  a system designed exclusively around
the dynamics of commercial exchange risks leaving out
significant parts of our cultural heritage, producing
a society in which we had bookstores in which to buy
but no libraries from which to borrow.  how can the
creation and dissemination of messages be as
widespread as their receipt and consumption?  how can
we ensure that the richness of the message content is
as diverse as our population?

safety in our homes and protection of our
neighborhoods

more than ever, citizens are aware of the work of the
public officials who run the criminal justice and
transportation systems on our behalf.  the nii can
facilitate community-based policing and other means by
which the concerns of the professionals who serve us
may be shared with the citizenry at large.  how can we
partially recover the long-lost protection against
aggression that small towns and word-of-mouth once
offered?  how can the disparate community of agencies
who must respond to emergencies and disasters best
coordinate their efforts and solicit our energies? 
citizens, armed with information, are also becoming a
very potent ally of the agencies charged with
environmental protection.  their ability to monitor
and call attention to pollution greatly strengthens
the fight against environmental degradation.  how can
we harness environmental consciousness so that people
know how to act to protect their homes and
communities?

citizen control over private information

citizen control over private information  is essential
if the benefits of an improved nii are to outweigh the
costs.  if people fear that traffic or energy control
systems will be misused as tools of surveillance then
they will never be implemented and the efficiencies
they offer never realized.  and yet, there are cases
in which the authorized release of government-held
private information can be of tremendous benefit to
the citizens concerned, as when a disaster has left
them without a home or the ownership records it
contained.  the information contained in police
records is also highly sensitive.  how can we be sure
that careful auditing of those with access to these
systems and the information they authorize for release
accompanies widespread implementation of distributed
information systems?

part iii: conclusions

a successful consultation between citizens and their
public officials requires not just the accurate
expression of the problems to be solved, but the
solicitation of advice on solutions, and active
listening to the responses.  we hope that this
document is widely read by people concerned about
these specific areas of public policy and with the
improvement of the national information
infrastructure, as well as those concerned more
broadly with our historic committment to democratic
values. we believe that widespread access to advanced
communications technologies can be as enlightening as
was the arrival of the electric light, and as
empowering as the nation's vast and meticulously
maintained power grid.  but as technologies they are
merely facilitative.  only the application of these
technologies as tools for solving social problems can
translate technological innovation into social
evolution.

last updated:  september 7, 1994



people with disabilities and nii:
breaking down barriers, building choice


draft for public comment


     in a competitive global economy, our country
     does not have a single person to waste  
     opportunity must be open to everyone... i
     believe our entire nation will share in the
     economic and social benefits that will
     result from full participation of americans
     with disabilities in our society.
    
                          - president clinton, 12/1/92


part i:  what is the application arena?

on september 15, 1993, the administration issued "the
national information infrastructure(nii): agenda for
action," which formalized several federal nii policy
development mechanisms and enumerated the guiding
principles and goals for future policy development.  a
portion of the vision is as follows:

a major objective in developing the nii will be to
extend the universal service concept to the
information needs of  fundamental fairness, this
nation cannot accept a division of our people among
telecommunications or information "haves" and "have-
nots".  the administration is committed  to developing
a broad, modern concept of universal service   one
that would emphasize giving all americans who desire
it easy, affordable access to advanced communications
and information services, regardless of income,
disability, or location.

the national information infrastructure: agenda for
action addresses responsiveness to the usage
requirements of people with disabilities as a founding
principle.  providing choices in the modes of
information representation and manipulation will break
down existing barriers and accelerate progress toward
the full participation of people with disabilities in
society as envisioned by the americans with
disabilities act (ada).  the technologies that deliver
for the nii will be the technologies that lead the way
in liberating expressiveness, amplifying dignity for
all americans.

lead by design:  breaking down barriers, building
choice

ensuring that the nii accommodates the rights of the
49 million americans with disabilities to equitable
communication and information access amplifies
innovations and economic returns from national
investment in the nii.  existing federal, state, and
local investment activities underway are demonstrating
that accommodating people with disabilities is finally
gaining recognition as a driving force for advances in
human and organizational performance.  as this
investment strategy gains momentum, information
technology developers are weighing in on the broad-
based, competitive advantages of this universal design
approach, that readily accommodates individual needs
associated not only with disability, but also worker
re-training, aging, illiteracy, and high performance,
critical mission information environments.  adoption
of universal design will stimulate the deployment of
applications that all consumers will value for
convenience, customer choice, and equal opportunity.

americans with disabilities represent a large customer
base already discussing with industry and government
how they envision the information infrastructure will
work for them.  most important is customer choice. 
until now, choice of  the mode or form in which
information is represented or communications conducted
has not been available.  due to this inflexibility,
many people with limitations of hearing, vision, or
information processing have been inconvenienced by, or
excluded from using these single modality services. 
newspapers and documents available in a visual mode
only, excluded or inconvenienced customers who were
blind until the choices of auditory or braille modes
became available.  auditory-mode-only telephones
excluded deaf individuals until multi-modality
telephone services were developed that today
incorporate hearing relay operators who convert
communications between users of auditory-only devices
and visual-only devices.

if future telephones or information appliances
accommodated the choice of either visual mode (typing)
or auditory mode (speaking), direct communications
could be achieved and communicating parties would no
longer be handicapped by single-modality services that
are not compatible.  greatly anticipated as well are
visual communications appliances that accommodate a
range of needs from sign language transmission to
handwritten note-sharing as an alternative to auditory
mode only for conversations.

as the nii takes shape, being in the minority in terms
of information mode requirements, due to a disability,
need not be a significant handicapping condition, if a
useful alternative mode is available.  people who
flexibly accommodate to either auditory or visual
modes of information transmission, frequently fail to
realize how single-modality services hamper and
inconvenience access by people who are unable, due to
a sensory mode limitation, to also alternate between
both modes.

many people who can accommodate either visually
presented information or auditorially presented
information, but not both, due to hearing or vision
loss, are now high demand  users of on-line services
that readily accommodate their choice of mode(s) and
media, including visual display (standard or
magnified), braille display, or machine-generated
speech.  this pattern of early and sustained demand by
people with disabilities can enhance the evolution of
nii services.  it will ensure that the full range of
information mode choices unavailable in the past, can
now be provided to enhance learning and communications
by individuals and organizations.

historical and current evidence of the benefits

two of the world's most valuable information
technologies, the typewriter and the telephone,
emerged from early efforts to accommodate greater
choice in information mode by people whose
disabilities made them less adaptable to mode
differences. the typewriter was invented as a private
writing device for a blind member of a royal family. 
other developers of early typewriters also designed
for blind people.  modality choice of writing device
was critical to these early users.  realization of
commercial advantages and transfer of this technology
to business came much later.

when alexander graham bell invented the telephone, he
was attempting to convert speech to a visual
representation in order to accommodate a greater
choice of information modalities for his wife who had
a hearing loss.  unfortunately bell's invention failed
to accommodate conversion of information from auditory
to visual mode as intended.  instead the telephone
extended the range of the auditory mode and broke down
distance as a barrier to spoken communication.  the
originally intended benefits to deaf people have been
late and inadequate.  only in the last 30 years has a
usable choice for telephone access by deaf people
become available.  at that time, deaf people began
purchasing and adapting old western union
teletypewriters (ttys) that only enabled
communications with other tty users.  communications
between tty users and standard telephone users has
only become widely available in the last 2 years due
to the establishment of ada mandated state relay
services.

like the typewriter, transfer and extension of text
messaging took a long time and could have taken even
longer.  one of the lead engineers of the originial
advanced research projects agency network (arpanet),
the predecessor of internet, was very accustomed to
modality choice because he used a text messaging
device (tty) when communicating with his wife by
telephone due to her hearing loss.  this exposure
positively influenced the inclusion of text messaging
as an arpanet application even though it was not part
of the orginial planning.  today the value of this
electronic text messaging or e-mail capability to
people around the world is beyond estimation and
choice of information mode is becoming an inherent
feature in well-designed information applications.

another contemporary arpa example of choice driving
innovation is infrared-based eye-tracking.  this
technology has been matured and commercialized by a



small business, that targeted individuals with severe
disabilities as the first customers of this hands-
independent and body-movement-independent intelligent
interface device.  today, this eye-tracking product is
being sold around the world to a small, but growing
number of people with extensive mobility limitations
for whom keyboard use is not an option.

this product, after being commercialized and matured
by users who demanded high performance and
reliability, is now being purchased by federal and
private sector laboratories.  oak ridge laboratories
is exploring its use to control tele-robotic vehicles
in hazardous environments.  a number of usability
laboratories world-wide have purchased a related
product  that enables user performance measures to
drive advanced designs of visual interfaces.  a head-
mounted display incorporating eye-tracking is next; it
will accommodate not only people with disabilities but
anyone in high demand, high performance environments,
including national security. 

speech recognition, a technology increasing in power
and potential, also originated through arpa resources. 
quadriplegic individuals have become recognized by the
speech recognition industry for the significant
contributions they've made to maturing a technology
that is likely to revolutionize human-computer
interactions in the near future.  these pioneer users,
without functional use of a keyboard, were driven not
by device novelty, but by true performance demands and
the need for choice of information input mode that
accommodated effective interactions with a computer. 
other user groups who have begun to derive significant
benefits from speech recognition are people with
learning disabilities and people whose repetitive
strain injuries preclude continued use of a keyboard.

another powerful telecommunications advance was
spearheaded recently by a person with a profound
hearing loss who worked with an engineer to overcome
her dependence on text telecommunications. she wanted
another choice.  the resultant product is elegant in
its simplicity and cost effectiveness.  with this
product, she is able to use both standard and cellular
phones directly.  all amplification is provided by her
existing hearing aid.  while the cost-per-unit is
approximately $80, there are immense long-term
benefits and value of this technology to a segment of
the hearing impaired population around the world. 

federal evidence of benefits

the general services administration, clearinghouse on
computer accommodation (coca), has been tracking these
little-known innovation synergies for a number of
years.  through the congressionally chartered federal
laboratory consortium for technology transfer, coca
has recently begun serious discussion with the army
research laboratory and other labs that exhibit strong
interest in user interfaces that accommodate choice.

coca became aware of this innovation dimension during
the past decade while assisting federal agencies in
identifying and shaping their investments in
technology to fully accommodate people with
disabilities.  public law 102-569, section 508, (1992
amendments to the rehabilitation act of 1973) is the
source of this federal policy.

as implementation of federal accessibility statutes
proceeds, federal agencies are discovering that
purchasing information systems that accommodate a wide
range of user interface requirements promotes
productivity and ensures access to work-related and
public information by people with disabilities. 
organizations are benefiting from the ability to
recruit and retain quality employees and the ability
to effectively interact with all clients, including
those with disabilities.

agency experiences with user interface options that
incorporate maturing technologies such as speech
synthesis, speech recognition, or infra-red
technologies also provide an effective means for
evaluating near-term applications with potential
benefit to all users.  many employees in "hands-busy,"
"eyes-busy," or noisy environments can benefit today
from flexible interface alternatives that have already
been adopted by people with disabilities. 

applications with user interfaces that accommodate
choice of alternative displays and keyboards are also
being employed to minimize or prevent the visual
fatigue and repetitive strain injuries associated with
keyboard-intensive environments.  as the work-force
ages, accessible information services must support the
requirements of people who develop age-related
limitations of vision, hearing, or mobility.  as
planning by the federal government increasingly
addresses a comprehensive information infrastructure,
planning for choice represents a solid foundation to
maximize the value of information applications and
acceptance by users.
 
lead by design as an nii innovation driver

as awareness of disability-driven innovations becomes
recognized, and societal dependence on technology for
community participation and economic growth continues,
breaking down barriers and building choices will
become recognized as an innovation driver globally. 
e.h. sibley summarizes this strategic opportunity:

"in reflecting on the problems of the multiple
language and character sets faced by the world, it
appears that a large portion of the potential computer
user population is at a disadvantage.  they must use
difficult interfaces or learn another language.  when
we add up the cost of not having good input/output
devices for the many people who can compute but find
it cumbersome, we can conclude that the cost of
efficient new devices would pay for themselves many
times over.  particularly at a time when the world's
political barriers are being removed, perhaps our new
opportunity frontier should be to remove the barriers
to computing for all humanity, be they different in
language, representation, or device needs."[endnote 1]

the recent report on high performance computing and
communications: toward a national information
infrastructure by the office of science and technology
policy also acknowledges this opportunity.  addressing
intelligent user interfaces, the report states, "a
large collection of advanced human/machine interfaces
must be developed in order to satisfy the vast range
of preferences, abilities, and disabilities that
affect how users interact with the nii."

the nii affords a unique opportunity in the design of
human interface technologies to formalize
collaborations among early demand user groups with a
wide range of preferences, abilities and disabilities
in order to reduce the lag time between technology
transfer and user acceptance.

the electronic industries foundation has reported that
"manufacturers who have found ways to simplify the
user interface have seen positive consumer response in
terms of increased sales and decreased product
returns... a growing body of research suggests that
there are ways to design products that can accommodate
functional limitations, and actually enhance their
ease of use for everyone."[endnote 2]

the use of generic performance benchmarks such as
those developed by pirkl and babic (1988) would
stimulate the design needed to ensure customer choice. 
the benchmarks include:

 cross-sensory redundant cuing, feedback, and  modes
  of operation that supports choice

 reduced complexity of operations

 adjustable product/user interfaces designed for a
  variety of populations and accommodation levels

 designing beyond basic needs in a manner that
  enhances user's independence, self-respect, and
  quality of life.

these findings are congruent with the growing
recognition that technological advance only provides a
competitive advantage for a short time; superior
design and manufacturing   doing it right for the
customer and quickly the first time ensures true
economic advantage in a customer driven, global
economy.

what is the public interest in investing in nii and
people with disabilities?

this section outlines how significant benefits are
anticipated in at least five areas.  the public will
be particularly interested in how building choice in
nii:

 removes communications and information access
  barriers that restrict business and social
  interactions between people with and without
  disabilities

 removes age-related barriers to participation in
  society

 reduces language and literacy-related barriers to
  society

 reduces risk of information worker injuries and 

 enhances global commerce opportunities

removes communications and information access barriers
that restrict  interactions between people with and
without disabilities

an individual with limited mobility may not have easy
access to public libraries, places of employment or
business, or retail outlets.  although these
facilities may be "accessible" for the wheelchair
user, getting to and from such locations often poses a
serious challenge.  loss of hearing or sight are
obvious barriers to information access. 

the capacity to communicate with, and collect
information from almost any point on the globe from
one's home has already expanded the ability of persons
with disabilities to participate in an information
oriented society more effectively than ever before.

federal policy promoting the coordination of a nii
holds great promise of protecting the gains already
made in information access by persons with
disabilities.  however, if the design and development
of the nii does not accommodate the technical
requirements for choice needed to provide universal
access, then information utilization by persons with a
variety of disabilities will be set back to the days
before the development of  computers.

at present, even without the development of a
coordinated infrastructure, people with disabilities
are carrying out electronic banking, shopping on-line,
telecommuting, providing information services to
others, all from their homes.  in the office setting
via electronic document processing, visually impaired
and blind employees have access to vital information
equal in some cases to their sighted colleagues.  the
economic impact of developing an information system
that fails to accommodate the choice of modes of
operation including access devices that convert
electronic information into a form that can be used by
a person with a disability (i.e., braille displays,
speech synthesizers, or voice input processors) will
be far greater than the cost of ensuring this
universal access in the infrastructure from its
inception.

personal experiences of how the nii is reducing
barriers

"there are many truths of which the full meaning
cannot be realized until personal experience has been
brought home."

               john stuart mill 1800-1873

what follows is a list of personal experiences that
offer insight into how the nii can benefit citizens
with disabilities.

 reduced barriers to full participation in society

i am a c7 quadriplegic who has completed a course in
desktop publishing.  i have been disabled for two
years and very eager to get back into the work force. 
i have learned i'm still employable regardless of my
disability.  i recently learned about
telecommunications and the different networks for
communicating.  with electronic mail i communicate
with various people from all around the world.  my
life has really opened up with my career change and
the electronic information systems.

 reduced barriers to business and employment

i am a c5 quadriplegic living in the silicon valley
and a current intern with the networking and
communication department.  i have been disabled for
ten years from a motor vehicle accident in 1983.

i use computer telecommunications daily in numerous
different functions.  telecommunications has opened up
a new world, allowing me to communicate via e-mail
with colleges, government agencies, and organizations. 
the future success of telecommunications is
phenomenal, especially for the  disabled community. 
it not only allows a person unable to go out into the
community to access endless amounts of information,
but also permits disabled persons, such as myself, to
eventually return to the workforce (via telecommuting)
and become productive citizens again.

i have a dream of some day starting a nationwide
bulletin board for attendant care for the disabled
community.  it would be an attendant registry that
would permit disabled persons to hire attendants
anywhere in the united states and find qualified and
compatible employees.

 reduced communication barriers

i am 17 years old.  i am an oral, profoundly hearing-
impaired student who is fully mainstreamed in the 12th
grade at the park school in baltimore, md.  i did not
really have access to e-mail until early october, when
a friend of mine proposed that we e-mail each
other...e-mail turned out to be easier than i thought,
and it has been wonderful because it has enabled me to
communicate with my friends from around the atlantic
seaboard region.

the "electronic super-highway" is a boon for
deaf/hearing impaired people because it enables them
to communicate via the written word, which is a very
effective alternate means of obtaining vital
information in a relatively short period of time.  it
is my hope that the white house will make access to
the information highway universal.

thank you for allowing me to voice my concern
regarding this matter.  e-mail is such a wonderful
thing and i am fortunate to be living in an age where
communication opportunities (especially for the
deaf/hearing impaired) are expanding.

 reduced information access barriers

i am using e-mail every day on campus at gallaudet
university, and because of my social shyness, it is
much easier for me to socialize on the keyboard.  i
also find it great for research, and am doing my best
to learn about internet services as quickly as
possible. i have been hard of hearing since birth,
50db equilaterally.

 reduced barriers to the "basics" in an information
  society

rodney, a senior at rogers high school, puyallup,
washington, has no use of his arms or legs and uses a
mouth wand to operate a computer.  he began using a
computer at age 6, and learned to read and write in
this manner.

when asked a question, rodney balances his wand on a
box strategically placed near his terminal.  a
computer he says "is sort of like running water.  you
don't know what you'd  do without it."

 removes  age-related barriers to participation in
  society

according to the u.s. bureau of the census, by the
year 2000, the u.s. population of those over 65 years
will be greater than 34 million, this figure world
wide will be over 419 million.  the bureau projects
that in the next 50 years, the u.s. population will
increase overall by 19.8 percent; however, the
population of those 65 years or older will increase by
117 percent, more than doubling from 31.6 million to
68.5 million.  by designing the nii to meet the needs
of people with disabilities, the nii will also have
the flexibility and competitive advantage of
accommodating the freedom of choice and independence
desired by this unprecedented number of older people. 
a well-designed nii that accommodates a wider range of
vision, hearing, and mobility differences will
normalize and not stigmatize our aging society. 
personal and economic loss associated with past age-
discriminatory designs can be minimized.

the nii will increasingly be a key factor in the
independence, productivity, commerce, and community
participation of a significant percentage of older
people in our society.  user acceptance will be
accelerated by designs that make the nii easier and
simpler to use.  those over the age of 50 control over
50 percent of america's discretionary spending funds
(ostroff 1989), and those over 65 control 77 percent
of all assets (pirkl and babic 1988).

reduces language and literacy related barriers to
society

full implementation of the television decoder
circuitry act of 1990 will ensure not only full access
to broadcasting by deaf americans, but will also
provide the choice of text captioning that may serve
as a powerful application to reduce illiteracy in this
country.  according to the most comprehensive literacy
study ever done by the u.s. government, the literacy
levels of 90 million people in the united states is
deficient.[endnote 3]  this situation represents a
direct threat to the u.s. economy.  another
significant benefit of television with text captioning
will be its usefulness as an effective learning
technique for people who are learning english as a
second language.

reduces risk of information worker injuries

with 70 million personal computers in use, strain
injuries  have skyrocketed.  the u.s. department of
labor figures show repetitive stress injuries
represent 60 percent of all job-related illnesses.
estimates of the annual cost to business is $20
billion.[endnote 4]  pilot demonstrations of speech
recognition for all workers are underway in several
large companies as a strategy to increase productivity
and decrease keystrokes.  again, pioneer users of this
technology have been people with disabilities who
needed a choice other than a standard keyboard.  nii
applications must interoperate with intelligent user
interfaces accommodating a wide range of user needs
and preferences such as speech interfaces.

enhances global commerce opportunities

there are approximately 750 million people with
disabilities in the world.  meeting the needs of
people with disabilities in the nii will provide u.s.
companies an early competitive advantage in the global
marketplace.

the global advantages of the increasing u.s. market
responsiveness to people with disabilities was noted
in the 1993 report of the commission of the european
communities.  the report, european technology
initiative for disabled and elderly people - call for
proposals, states as follows:

"technology transfer from the major european
information technology industry to the small and
medium-sized enterprises, with the knowledge of the
customer, will be critical to the competitiveness of
the european rehabilitation technology industry.  this
technology transfer opens new markets for european
technology.  it also helps counter the threat posed to
european industry by us legislation in favor of people
with disabilities which is both forcing the
information technology industry to take their needs
into account and stimulating a strong rehabilitation
technology industry in the us."

deploying technologies such as real-time captioning,
originally developed to accommodate deaf individuals
could also enhance international commerce activities. 
for example, u.s. economists working on general
agreement on tariffs and trade (gatt) spent many hours
transcribing and comparing notes from working sessions
before strategizing on next steps.  delegates with
limited english proficiency may experience even
greater difficulties processing meeting content when
it is only presented in spoken english.  this
situation may tend to increase misunderstanding and
decrease trust, resulting in costly negotiation
delays.  deploying real-time captioning would provide
all delegates with a written english transcript of the
proceedings at the end of  the meeting. the captioning
equipment would also provide to the entire group a
real-time text display of the speaker's words that
would serve to enhance language comprehension by
delegates with limited english proficiency.

the technical solutions employed today to magnify text
displays for low vision users are identical to
solutions being evaluated in saudi arabia to make
english software applications readily translatable to
arabic.  this approach can be applied to any foreign
language and may reduce barriers to market entry for
u.s. software developers.

part ii:  where are we now?

this section addresses the emerging consensus on
universal design and convergence of  policy and design
practices in both the public sector (federal, state,
foreign governments) and the private sector that are
becoming examples and support mechanisms for nii
applications to break down barriers by building in
customer choice.

national laws and policies

since 1988, statutory requirements for federal
agencies have been in place to ensure that agency
investments in information technology integrate
requirements to meet the needs of people with
disabilities are met.  this policy is based on two
laws, public law 100-542 and public law 102-569. 
public law 102-569, section 508 addresses the
requirement that federal investments in information
technology be conducted in a manner that ensures
access to computer and telecommunications products and
services by employees with disabilities and citizens
with disabilities accessing public information
services. public law 100-542, the telecommunications
accessibility enhancement act, mandates a proactive
approach within the government to advancing
accessibility to the federal telecommunications system
by individuals with hearing or speech limitations.

these laws do not represent a radical new direction
for federal agencies, but serve to reinforce existing
mission requirements under the rehabilitation act of
1973.  this act requires federally conducted or
federally sponsored programs to be accessible to
persons with disabilities and mandates that management
policies must not discriminate in the hiring,
placement, and advancement of persons with
disabilities.

the americans with disabilities act of 1990 (ada) has
adapted and extended many of the existing
responsibilities of the rehabilitation act of 1973 for
implementation outside the federal government.  the
law requires barrier-free access to places that serve
the public, such as theaters, restaurants, and
museums.  state and local government services,
transportation, and telecommunications services must
also be accessible.  discrimination on the basis of
disability in private sector employment is also
prohibited.

protecting the rights of access to the evolving
information infrastructure by customers with
disabilities is a national responsibility as a result
of the americans with disabilities act.  as
implementation of ada continues, accessibility to the
information infrastructure represents an important
area for federal, state and private sector sponsored
pilot demonstrations to conduct performance benchmarks
and showcase early benefits and successful
implementation strategies.

efforts of federal agencies 

general services administration, council on accessible
technology

in 1984, gsa created an interagency committee that is
now called the council on accessible technology.  the
council, comprised of senior executives from 30
agencies, promotes the planning and investment in



information infrastructure that demonstrates the
flexibility of choice needed to accommodate people
with disabilities.

the council advances the business practice of
including persons with disabilities in the design,
pilots, and early implementation of all new government
information infrastructure investments.

last fall, the council co-hosted with the department
of commerce a seminar entitled "universal design:
accommodating diversity and high performance."  the
seminar was attended by approximately 200 people from
federal and state governments and industry. the
seminar took place in conjunction with the department
of commerce' sixth annual accessible computer
technology (act) exhibit.

at the department of commerce's seventh annual act
exhibit, on oct. 5/6, 1994, the council, together with
the committee on application and technology, will be
showcasing federal, state, and private pilot
demonstrations of applications that exemplify how the
needs of people with disabilities can be met in the
nii.  the clearinghouse on computer accommodation will
assist in pre-selection of applications that meet
existing accessibility guidelines.

the council will conduct a similar showcase of nii
applications that are usable by people with
disabilities at interchange ' 94, october 12/13, 1994.

general services administration (gsa) clearinghouse on
computer  accommodation (coca)

since 1984, the gsa clearinghouse on computer
accommodation (coca) has served as a model
demonstration center for advancing accessible
information environments, services, and management
practices in order to stimulate the governmentwide
capacity-building needed to meet statutory
requirements.  the center provides technical
consultation, presentations, training, and assistance
to federal agencies.  the center also serves as a
pilot demonstration site and market need/market
utilization conduit between federal agencies and
laboratories, universities and industry.

coca facilitates a network of federal employees with
disabilities and their support personnel that provides
early customer feedback on new service delivery
technologies and practices.  coordinating with coca
and this network, the computer/telecommunications
accessibility resource exchange (care), is now a part
of many agency programs. care members piloted with gsa
developers, the first accessible information kiosk. 
gsa continues to advise and provide accessible kiosk
services to customer agencies.

current projects underway include: 

 working with government printing office, national
  institute of standards and technology, and internal
  revenue service to ensure development of electronic
  document services that are accessible

 providing guidance on developing accessible cd-roms

 developing a tutorial to assist blind users
  becoming oriented to windows

 preparing a coca handbook as a model for universal
  access in electronic document preparation

 evaluating internet browsers, including mosaic and
  lynx to enhance the access modes supported

last summer, coca piloted a program that exposed
future human interface designers to the government's
need for an accessible information infrastructure. 
stanford university participated in the program and
inquiries for future participation were received from
the georgia institute of technology and the kennedy
school of government at harvard university.

due to changing research priorities, federal
laboratories committed to dual-use technology and high
performance technology are also beginning to approach
coca to discuss collaborative efforts.  in this
manner, market demand will be stimulated for
alternative modes of computer interaction needed by
persons with disabilities.  the synergistic goals of
dual-use technology and accommodation of diversity can
be achieved.  it is anticipated that this technology
push initiative will be complemented by a market pull
within the labs for user interfaces offering greater
flexibility to accommodate a  wider range of
abilities, disabilities and preferences.

microcomputer training program for persons with
disabilities (mtppd)

(mtppd) serves persons with disabilities within and
outside the department.  mtppd also supports the
department's nationwide office automation for the va
(noava) implementation to ensure employees with
disabilities receive equal access to noava oa systems
and platforms.

the mtppd program provides training to employees
within the va and from other federal agencies. the
cost-reimbursable training addresses both adaptive
technology and common application packages. other
program services include consultations, tours,
equipment demonstrations, and product evaluations. 
document scanning and converting services, including
brailling, are available to agencies on a cost-
reimbursable basis.

department of commerce (doc) committee on resources
for electronic accessible technology to end users
(create)

create is the vehicle responsible for planning and
coordinating department-wide activities in increase
awareness of accessible technology issues and explore
ways to ensure that the information environment is
usable by people with disabilities.  create hosts the
accessible computer technology exhibit hosted annually
in october to increase awareness and effective use of
commercially available products and services that
accommodate people with disabilities.

department of agriculture (usda) technology accessible
resources gives employment today (target) center

the accessible technology program has established the
target center to support usda employees nationwide and
other federal agencies.  target provides evaluations,
demonstrations, resource information, needs
assessments, and training on accessible technology. 
the center uses open systems concepts to highlight
accommodation solutions available on personal
computers.  target demonstrates how accessible
technology optimizes productivity and job retention of
career employees by reducing worker compensation costs
and disability retirements from end-user computer
injuries.

department of defense computer/electronic
accommodations program (cap)

the cap office assists dod activities to procure
adaptive equipment which provides access to computer
systems and telecommunications as required by public
laws 102-569 and 100-542.  the cap office provides
technical, educational and financial support to assist
employees, supervisors and managers identify and
procure appropriate accommodations. the cap office
conducts special projects to assist dod activities to
ensure an accessible work place. projects include
working with dod components to ensure that training
centers, libraries, and programs are accessible; and
coordinating with system acquisition activities to
ensure that accessibility is considered in the
procurement of dod systems.  cap also established the
technology evaluation center (captec), a facility
dedicated to the evaluation and testing of emerging
technology.  the captec assists dod supervisors and
employees in choosing appropriate adaptive equipment
for creating work environments that are accessible to
persons with disabilities.

internal revenue service computer/telecommunications
accessibility program (cap)

the computer/telecommunications accessibility program
(cap) was established to ensure the irs makes
electronic information accessible to people with
disabilities.  cap assists the managers and employees
in selection and procurement of appropriate adaptive
technology.  the cap office works with acquisitions
and procurement personnel to ensure that accessibility
is included in information technology procurements. 
cap has a demonstration center with adaptive
equipment.

national security agency center for computer assistive
technology (ccat)

the national security agency's ccat provides
demonstration of assistive technology devices and
professional resources for agency employees with
hearing visual or physical limitations. the goal of
the center is to provide assistance and identify
alternative solutions for persons with disabilities.

federally sponsored activities

department of education (doed) national institute on
disability and rehabilitation research  (nidrr)

    technology-related assistance act funded states

in 1994, congress re-authorized public law 100-407,
the technology-related assistance for individuals with 
disabilities act (p.l.103-218).  administration of the
law continues to be conducted by the nidrr.  the
states have received grants for "systems change"
activities to eliminate barriers that impede
information and acquisition of assistive technology
services and devices through implementation of
consumer-responsive systems.

    project enable, west virginia research &
training center

project enable is a full featured computer bulletin
board system providing information on disability,
rehabilitation, employment, and education. it is used
primarily by people with disabilities and their
families, educators, students, and rehabilitation
workers who participate in over 150 special interest
discussion groups.

    rehabilitation engineering research center
(rerc) on communications and information technology
access, trace center, university of wisconsin,
madison.

the trace rerc studies access problems of people with
disabilities to computer and information systems, and
disseminates information on solution strategies. 
trace works with computer manufacturers and software
producers to outline how existing products can be made
more accessible to people with disabilities.  through
trace efforts, disability access features are being
built into commonly used operating systems.  current
cross-disability goals include working with a broad
coalition to:

    identify ways that manufacturers can build
access directly into next generation systems to
accommodate the widest possible number of customers

    identify strategies to allow customer choice of
mode of operation.

national science foundation (nsf)

do*it (disabilities, opportunities, internet- working,
and technology), university of washington:  do*it
enables high school students with disabilities to
explore careers in science, engineering, and
mathematics through "mentorships" conducted via
internet with practicing engineers and scientists from
around the world, many of whom also have disabilities.

selected non-profit and academic activities

project easi (equal access to software and
information)

provides assistance to higher education in developing
computer support services for people with
disabilities.  project easi provides information and
guidance on campus applications of adaptive computer
technology for access to information, instruction,
research, and employment.  project easi's internet
server hosts an active discussion about
computer/telecommunications access issues.

wgbh-caption center, boston, ma

wgbh has pioneered advances in accessible programming
for more than 20 years since captioning the first
nationally broadcast program.  wgbh is working to make
all programming accessible to the nation's 24 million
deaf and hard-of-hearing viewers.  instrumental in the
television decoder circuitry act of 1990, they also
launched descriptive video service (dvs) in the same
year.  dvs makes television accessible to millions of
people who are blind or visually impaired through
narrated descriptions of key program elements.

corporation for public broadcasting/wgbh national
center for accessible media (ncam), boston, ma

ncam was established in 1993 with funding from the
corporation for public broadcasting.  ncam is taking
steps to accelerate media access to populations that
have been underserved or denied access.  project
examples include:

    closed caption university -- empowering
individual public television stations to caption their
own programming

    access primer and toolkit -- primers for
stations interested in technology applications such as
captioning, descriptive video, and foreign language
(especially spanish) translations and tips on building
relationships with deaf, blind, and minority-language
communities 

    international broadcasting -- study of how
countries around the world are providing access to
their tv systems

    vertical blanking interval (vbi) project -- is
experimenting with using the vbi of the television
signal instead of the third audio channel in routing
descriptive video or spanish video  

    print access project -- to digitize newspapers
and deliver them into the home fully accessible to
blind, low-vision, and other print-disabled people.

world institute on disability (wid)

wid focuses on creation of public policy that will
give people with disabilities access to the
information age. widnet is a network that focuses on
disability policy.  

stanford university, center for the study of language
and information (csli)

csli's archimedes project works to improve access to
information for individuals with disabilities by
influencing  the early design stages of emerging
technologies.  the project:

 applies basic research about information and 
communications to the design of access for people who
are disabled

 educates those who will develop the next generation
of technology about the advantages for the whole
community of designing general access.  in both
instances maximum leverage is obtained by emphasizing
design rather than retrofit.

private sector activities

disability action committee for xwindows (dacx)

dacx is working to solve accessibility issues
presented by the xwindows graphical user interface. 
membership includes the major xwindows vendors
including dec, ibm, sun, and representatives from
academia.  the purpose of dacx is to develop solutions
which will allow users with disabilities to access
systems running the xwindows gui.  the group has
succeeded in developing access utilities for users
with motor impairments.  it is also working on
developing necessary "hooks" for screen reading
programs.  access-related software developed by dacx
is distributed through the xwindows consortium.

the international committee on accessible document
design (icadd)

icadd promotes standards for producing documentation
for "print disabled" individuals. membership includes
representatives from industry, academia, and
government from many countries around the world.  the
purpose of icadd is to develop and encourage the
document transformations that print-disabled persons
are working toward.  icadd has succeeded in
implementing accessibility in existing international
standards organization (iso) standards such as the
standard generalized mark-up language (sgml)

electronic industries association (eia)

electronic industries association's consumer
electronics group and the electronics industries
foundation (eif) are currently working to create a
seal of accessibility for consumer electronics
products.

when completed, the seal will certify that designated
mainstream products can be used by persons with
functional limitations associated with aging, a
temporary injury, or permanent disability, and that
the products meet the accessible design guidelines
established by a committee comprising manufacturers,
disability experts, consumers, and representatives of
organizations serving the needs of people with
disabilities.  the seal should help manufacturers
during the design process and consumers during the
selection process.

industrial design excellence awards (idea), industrial
designers society of america and business week
magazine
 
promotes recognition of industrial design excellence
as a strategic tool for competitiveness in the
domestic and global marketplaces.  industrial
designers make products easy to use, safe,
comfortable, appealing, and ecologically responsible. 
one of the 18 gold medal winners for 1994  was james
pirkl, designer of a book on transgenerational design:
products for an aging population which highlights the
marketplace advantages of well-designed products that
also accommodate older people and people with
disabilities.

international activities

there are three major european program efforts
underway to accelerate the productive application of
technology on behalf of people with disabilities.  the
largest of the three is technology initiative for
disabled and elderly (tide). tide is a community
research and development initiative in the field of
rehabilitation technology designed to stimulate the
creation of a single market in europe.  tide assists
elderly and disabled people to live independently and
participate more fully in the social and economic
activities of the community.

the main goal of the race program (research and
development on advanced communication in europe) is to
develop technology and infrastructure in order to
prepare for the introduction of broadband network
services and to promote european industry
competitiveness in this field.

this activity includes delivery of services to the
largest possible cross-section of the user population,
including people with disabilities.  the project
includes development of a standard reference manual of
specifications for designers that will provide the
necessary knowledge about human factors to ensure
network accessibility to all users.

member states of the european union recognize the
importance of education, employment, and accessibility
for people with disabilities. institutions of the
european union have issued resolutions to promote
equality of opportunity and integration of people with
disabilities.

canada's information infrastructure planning has also
begun to address integrating the needs of people with
disabilities.  canadian representatives have requested
information about u.s. plans.

part iii:  where do we want to be?

"information, which will be  education, which will be
employment, which will be income, which will be
possibility, must flow to all americans on terms of
equal accessibility without regard to physical
condition.  and we are committed to doing that."

                  - president clinton 5/13/94

this section addresses examples of user expectations
of important nii capabilities.  these capabilities
will be needed to address the national goal of equal
accessibility in communications, commerce, and
community among people with and without disabilities. 
the examples are grouped under the four functional
capability areas identified in the vision for a 21st
century information infrastructure report of the
council on competitiveness:  

  1) widely accessible and interoperable
  communications networks

  2) digital libraries, information databases and
  services

  3) information appliances and computing systems

  4) trained people to build, maintain, and operate
  these resources.

this may 1993 report envisions:

the information infrastructure of the 21st century
will enable all americans to access information and
communicate with each other easily, reliably, securely
and cost-effectively in any medium   voice, data,
image or video anytime, anywhere.

widely accessible and interoperable communications
networks

 expectations of business owners with disabilities
  will be met for commerce, information, health, and
  manufacturing networks that offer the visual and
  auditory redundancy needed to accommodate their
  choice of modes of communications and information
  processing in a manner that is also transparent to
  and convenient to their customers.

 education networks should accommodate the needs of
  parents, children, and teachers to have alternative
  modes of communication and information sharing
  available to accommodate situations when one or
  more of the communicating parties has a disability
  associated with hearing, seeing, or speaking.  for
  example, text messaging might substitute for
  telephone conversations between a parent and
  teacher.  multi-media learning applications would
  support redundancy options allowing student choice
  of information presented either visually or
  auditorially/tactile or both. 

 accommodating people with disabilities will be a
  tangible and widely recognized citizen benchmark
  for responsive and respectful service.  citizen
  expectations will be met for equal access and
  improved services at all levels of government
  service delivery.  for example, 911 emergency
  service calls will accommodate text telephone users
  who are deaf or speech impaired.

 enhanced service/routing features on 800-number
  arrangements need to accommodate people with
  disabilities by detecting text telephone users and
  routing their calls to a data server when voice
  telephone calls to the same number are routed to a
  recorded voice response unit.  800 numbers placed
  to an information service agent would automatically
  patch to the nearest state relay operator service
  if the agent failed to respond with a device
  capable of communicating directly to a text
  telephone.

 the 800 number service capability should also
  provide in a similar manner an automatic linkage
  option to the language translation services
  industry when needed by a caller or information
  services agent to complete a communication
  transaction when a common language is not available
  to the two parties.

 the large federal investment in federal
  laboratories and the technology transfer and dual-
  use programs should meet citizen's expectations by
  contributing to advanced communications and
  information services that are designed to
  accommodate all user choices of modes of operation. 
  this will be achieved through the federal
  laboratory consortium and other organizations.

 expectations by hearing impaired and speech
  impaired executives that their requirements for
  real-time captioning through text or sign language
  inserts will be available in standard video
  conferencing environments will be met.  this
  capability will also accommodate participants at
  international conferences who experience language
  barriers.  blind participants will be able to
  receive transmitted text by braille if desired.

 participants in courtroom proceedings including
  judges, jurors, and attorneys will be accommodated
  as requested using the suite of service choices
  described above to accommodate hearing loss, vision
  loss, or language differences.

 wireless voice and data service offerings and
  equipment will be able to accommodate people with
  disabilities in a manner that represents a
  significant improvement from what is commercially
  available today in terms of interoperability,
  competitive offerings, and user  choice and
  customization options.

 the access component between the customer premises



  equipment and the user with a disability will be
  designed with as much care and attention to
  flexibility and interoperability as the access
  component between the customer premises equipment
  and the transport carrier.

 expectations from current users with disabilities
  that uninterrupted choice of access mode to
  existing network utilities and services will
  continue as the technologies advance.  this
  currently includes electronic mail (video mail,
  multimedia mail, etc.), directory service, security
  service, electronic commerce, and bulletin board
  systems.

 expectations that students with auditory or visual
  limitations will also be able to benefit from the
  commercially prepared multi-media and "real-time
  video" capabilities employed for individual and
  group learning.

 expectations from community members that electronic
  town meetings and government provided kiosk
  services will accommodate full participation by
  all.

 expectations from blind people as well as those
  learning english that descriptive video services
  would become a standard option.  descriptive video
  services provide a spoken description that
  accompanies visual events.

digital libraries, information data bases and services

 federally funded activities of the high performance
  computing and communications program, will address
  the needs of people with disabilities to use these
  services and include people with disabilities in
  their pilot projects. this includes projects such
  as nsf funded digital libraries research, nasa
  developed prototype digital libraries, arpa funded
  hypermedia systems with intelligent user interfaces
  and national institutes of health developments in
  medical datebase management.

 expectations of people who are print-handicapped
  due to vision problems or have problems handling
  printed materials due to dexterity limitations will
  be met.  these members of society will be able to
  access all publicly and commercially available
  electronic information services using their choice
  of access modes.

 the government printing office "access" act of 1993
  will accelerate services that are fully usable by
  people with disabilities including:

  1) an electronic directory of federal electronic
  information

  2) on-line access to the congressional record, the
  federal register, and other  appropriate
  publications and

  3) an electronic storage facility for federal
  electronic information.

 expectations of retirees for intensive, early, and
  satisfied use of nii education, commercial, and
  leisure applications will be closely tied to the
  ease with which their age-related choices for large
  print, amplification, and speech-based interfaces
  are met.

information appliances and computing systems that are
easy to use

 expectation that information appliances or customer
  premises equipment that used to include only
  telephones, pcs/workstations, fax machines, optical
  character scanners, lans, modems, video equipment,
  cellular phones, pagers, personal digital
  assistants, and notebook/laptop computers will now
  also include braille displays, braille computers,
  alternative keyboards, captioning systems, closed
  circuit televisions, cd-rom drives, text
  telephones, text-to-speech devices, voice
  recognition systems, augmentative communication
  devices, assistive listening devices, and wireless
  personal communication services.

 expectation that end-to-end telecommunications
  service will fully deliver to people with
  disabilities and include not only transport
  service, but also equipment and software choices
  needed for end to end connectivity.  these services
  will offer user preference of modality or
  combination of modalities in which to present
  information or communication including:

  1) voice-oriented
  
  2) data-oriented

  3) video-oriented (including video conferencing)

  4) multi-media oriented

  5) wireless-based

    older americans will not be resistant to change  
     as sometimes predicted if new appliances 
     accommodate age-related vision, hearing, or
     dexterity limitations through better designed
     technologies offering greater range and mode
     options than are available today.

    the capability to accommodate people with
     disabilities will be recognized as an essential
     performance measure during selection from among
     competing appliances. this benchmark will ensure
     the flexibility of choices needed to access all
     communications networks and services and also
     accommodate learning preferences, noisy
     environments, hands busy environments, and high
     performance environments, including national
     security.

    expectation that executives with disabilities
     while on travel will be able to secure an
     equivalent level of access to information and
     communication services as their non-disabled
     colleagues through well-designed information 
     services such as kiosks, e-mail, and 
     fax-on-demand that accommodate choice.

trained people to build, maintain, and operate these
resources

    expectation that designers will invite people 
     with disabilities to be beta users of all new
     products and service offerings recognizing that
     this class of user is both more demanding of
     functionality and more likely to quickly adopt a
     capability that offers real advantages.  this
     design approach has unfailingly promoted greater 
     ingenuity and innovation for many years, however,
     it has not been well known or consistently 
     applied until recently.

    expectation that designers with disabilities are
     more likely to stimulate increased design     foresight for range of
functionality and mode
     options in their organizations.

    businesses that offer separate special
     customized products and services to meet needs of
     people with disabilities in a manner that 
     accommodates choice as an afterthought will be at 
     a distinct disadvantage to businesses fully
     integrating the choices of people with
     disabilities early through universal design and
     pilot demonstrations that include people with
     disabilities.

    businesses will advertise their products and
     services as "access-screened" in a manner similar
     to being "green" or environmentally conscious. 
     perhaps a aaas rating for "application adequacy 
     for accessibility services" or a seal of
     accessibility as advanced by the electronics
     industry association could be utilized.

    businesses will expect federal pilot
     demonstrations to demonstrate how the
     accessibility of products and services can be
     advanced in the nii.  there will a strong
     emphasis on access performance and
     reliability benchmarks for universal design in
     public and private interoperability testbed labs.

    businesses will expect opportunities to showcase
     how they are investing in universal design to
     competitive advantage.

part iv:  how are we going to get there?

this section addresses the scaling opportunities
afforded through the nii to establish the leadership,
policy, and marketplace roles and alliances necessary
to ensure that the design of the nii will meet
national expectations for breaking down barriers. 
these expectations can only be fulfilled by building
choice and full usability for people with disability
into the development of the nii.

strengthen market pull -- current effort level can not
ensure uninterrupted access

although the federal government in its role as a major
employer and information technology consumer is taking
steps to use its "buying power" to communicate to
industry its need for information technology products
and services that are usable by people with
disabilities, this process must be scaled up in
priority and include pilot demonstration activities in
order to shape the capabilities needed earlier in the
technology design cycle.

agencies are demonstrating progress in formulating
access policies and meeting current employee
accommodation needs; however, increased attention is
needed on leveraging market demand to ensure long-term
uninterrupted access as future technologies are
introduced and the information infrastructure
proceeds.  the current restricted usefulness of
graphical user interfaces by blind users represents
inadequate foresight in the marketplace to changing
needs.  today blind users face graphics-mode-only
applications whose designs neglect to accommodate
choice, thus providing marginal utility of popular
applications that have been fully utilized for more
than a decade.  discussions in recent white papers on
the  information infrastructure will need to be
expanded in order to adequately address requirements
of people with disabilities to the nii.

at a time of rapid technological change, the needs and
requirements of customers with disabilities must be
fully integrated in all technology development,
replacement, and refreshment initiatives.  realizing
the full benefits of the nii also depends on the
development of open system standards.  without these
open systems, small firms developing application
devices important to individuals with disabilities
will be crowded out of markets by larger, more
established firms.

fortunately, industry champions for improved access
within large computer companies report that they are
actively seeking greater evidence that equitable
access is a high priority customer requirement of the
government's information infrastructure.

leadership by example

although the federal government is commonly associated
with technology push r&d funding, within the
information technology arena, the federal government
also has a unique role as buyer for the largest and
most complex information environment in the world. 
the ability of the federal government to demonstrate
technology foresight in the marketplace can have a
significant impact on the quality of life of people
with disabilities.  this consumer foresight can
accelerate the readiness of the u.s. information
industry to respond to similar application challenges
beyond the federal marketplace and abroad.  the
federal government should strengthen its investment
commitment to universal design in order to achieve not
only equal access to nii by all americans, but also to
recognize the innovation incentive it provides to
industry to better prepare for consumer interface
demands globally.

the office of science and technology policy is
currently providing an example of lead by design by
assessing how well a new white house information
service can be used by people with disabilities.  this
action will signal   in a manner that echoes tapping
on the liberty bell during the first transcontinental
call   our national commitment to an information
infrastructure that will deliver in terms of global
competitiveness and in a manner that liberates the
expressiveness and amplifies the dignity of all
americans.

new roles and alliances

deploying the national information infrastructure
(nii) in a manner that promotes universal service,
access to government information, and technological
innovation with performance benchmarks for customer
choice, equal opportunity, and convenience will
provide the needed context for the following actions:

    due to the high stakes requirements of people
     with disabilities, establish a citizen 
     participation mechanism or use an  existing
     capability such as americans communicating
     electronically (ace) to ensure that citizens with
     disabilities have the means to give input and 
     feedback directly to nii planners and developers
     throughout the process.  this is the nii category
     of customer with great need and at great risk for
     being well-served by the nii.

    establish pilot demonstration partnerships among
     regional associations of people with 
     disabilities; regional business innovation and/or
     industrial design consortiums; regional federal
     laboratory consortiums; and regional 
     rehabilitation engineering centers.

    increase collaboration among committed 
     individuals involved in next generation design
     within universities, industry, and federal
     laboratories to provide the focused technology
     push to human interface technologies that will
     readily accommodate capabilities required by
     people with a wide range of preferences,
     abilities, and disabilities.

    increase collaboration among federal, state and
     private sector organizations to operationalize
     performance benchmarks and showcase pilot
     demonstrations of infrastructure capabilities
     that also offer improved and uninterrupted access
     by people with disabilities.

    human interface technologies that accommodate a
     wide range of user needs will become recognized 
     as a critical technology in the missions of the
     federal high performance computing and
     communications program, the national
     telecommunications and information
     administration, the federal laboratory 
     consortium, and the technology reinvestment
     project of the advanced research projects agency.

    increased educational opportunities for human
     interface designers to learn how to meet customer
     requirements for accessibility through
     university/industry/disabled community
     partnerships that improve industry foresight to
     this changing global need.

incorporating the needs of americans with disabilities
in new national legislation

    how should the communications act of 1994
     (s.1822) protect and advance universal service in
     a manner that more explicitly includes people
     with disabilities?

    how should the antitrust reform act of 1993
     (h.r.3626) and the national communications
     competition and information infrastructure act of
     1993 (h.r. 3636) fully reflect public interest in
     universal design, universal access, and customer
     choice?

    how should intelligent interfaces that
     accommodate disabilities and abilities be
     acknowledged as a competitiveness factor in the
     national competitiveness act of 1993 (s.4)?

performance benchmarks for accessibility

    how should the design needs of people with
     disabilities become operationalized as an
     integral aspect of all nii development
     initiatives?  

    what performance benchmarking mechanisms are 
     needed to ensure that innovations such as  
     information kiosks, electronic town meetings, 
     electronic voting and other interactive services
     can be fully utilized by people with 
     disabilities?

    how can the design needs of people with
     disabilities be an integral principle of ongoing
     federal programs advancing the nii such as the
     high-performance computing and communications
     program?  

    what mechanisms are needed to coordinate and
     accelerate the technology transfer benefits
     between federal programs serving people with
     disabilities and high-performance computing and
     related advanced technology and technology
     reinvestment programs?

    how should application guidelines for universal
     access be integrated into the national
     telecommunications and information administration
     grants program designed to support demonstrations
     of new telecommunication technology applications?

    what mechanisms exist for regulatory agencies
     such as the federal communications commission to 
     communicate with disabled citizens on
     telecommunications issues?

conclusion

full participation by citizens with disabilities in
the design, pilot demonstrations, and implementation
of nii applications is a national priority. 
collaborative support mechanisms within the federal
and state governments and private sector need to be
strengthened to serve as communication conduits
between citizens and nii developers.  nii investments
need to include performance benchmarks to ensure that
applications can be fully utilized by people with
disabilities.

the nii must accommodate choice in order to deliver on
its promise of universal access.  the unprecedented
convergence of information technologies only amplifies
the possibilities - accommodating choice provides a
focal point for early and far reaching benefits. 

endnotes

[1] e.h. sibley, communication of the acm, may 1990

[2] eia seal of accessibility development plan version
1.0  09/17/93

[3] u.s. department of education, national center for
education statistics, national adult literacy survey,
funded by federal and state governments

[4] smithsonian, june 1994

references

committee on physical, mathematical, and engineering
sciences, federal coordinating council for science,
engineering, and technology, office of science and
technology policy. (1994) high performance computing
and communications: toward a national information
infrastructure.

world institute on disability (1994)
telecommunications and  persons with disabilities:
building the framework, the second report of the blue
ribbon panel on national telecommunications policy

u.s. general services administration, clearinghouse on
computer accommodation (1991) managing information
resources for accessibility

future communications services working group of the
interagency management council, november (1993)
networking for a reinvented government: federal
telecommunications requirements and industry
technology assessment

acquisition working group of the interagency
management council (1994) post-fts2000 acquisition
alternatives white paper overview

council on competitiveness (1992) vision for a 21st
century information infrastructure

technology for economic growth: president's progress
report, november 1993

making software more accessible for people with
disabilities, trace research and development center,
1992.

commission of the european communities  (1993)
european technology initiative for disabled and
elderly people - call for proposals

wolkomir, richard. (1994)  "when the work you do ends
up costing you an arm and a leg." smithsonian, june 
1994

huston, jonathan. general services administration,
universal access interfaces, unpublished paper, august
1993

ostroff, jeff. 1989. successful marketing to the 50+
consumer. englewood cliffs, nj:prentice-hall.

pirkl, james j. and anna l. babic. 1988. guidelines
and strategies for designing transgenerational
products: a reource manual for industrial design
professionals. acton, ma: copley publishing.

pirkl, james j. 1994. transgenerational design:
products for an aging population. new york, ny: van
nostrand reinhold.

president's committee on employment of people with
disabilities, (1992) ada summit

national council on disability, study on the financing
of assistive technology devices and services for
individuals with disabilities: a report to the
president and the  congress of the united states,
march 4, 1993

scott, neil.  stanford university, center for the
study of language and information, universal access
technologies, unpublished paper, march 1994
last updated:  september 7, 1994



supply and demand of electric power and the nii


draft for comment


part i:  what is the application arena?

description of electric power supply and demand

information technology (it), computing, networking,
and telecommunications are key technologies in the
creation of dynamic markets for electric power, the
efficient and timely management of electric utility
operations, and electrical energy demand management.
the prospect of major improvements in the networking,
telecommunications, and computation infrastructure of
the united states under the national information
infrastructure (nii) initiative offers interesting
opportunities and raises important issues for electric
power utilities. [endnote 1]

residential scenarios

improved computing, networking, and telecommunications
would permit the widespread adoption of variable
electric utility rates (either seasonal time-of-use or
real-time pricing), and intelligent control of
residential electric loads. a homeowner would use
either a personal computer or a sophisticated
interactive cable tv system as the user interface,
from which the customer could view a detailed electric
bill showing charges for individual large appliances,
change thermostat settings, and schedule timer-driven
appliances. wireless and speech understanding
interfaces will make such interactions easier. 
consumers might be able to choose electric power
vendors in much the same manner as they now choose
long distance telephone companies.

a microprocessor-based electric meter would record
power charges as a function of the varying price.
smart appliances (water heaters, dryers, etc.) could
be programmed to run during off-peak periods when
electricity was cheaper. smart thermostats would be
set to permit higher temperatures during periods when
the occupants were absent, or when electricity charges
were exceptionally high.  either a timer or phone call
could be used to start air conditioners/heaters or
other appliances in anticipation of occupant arrival
or awakening. the same system would also serve as a
home security system, alerting the resident (or
security service) of fire or intruders.

some appliances, such as electric car battery
chargers, hot water heaters, etc., might be on
selectively interruptible power. during peak load
periods or emergencies, the utility could interrupt
these appliances to shed excess load. in exchange the
residential user would receive a cheaper rate for this
portion of electricity usage.

commercial scenarios

commercial electricity users, such as operators of
office buildings or other commercial buildings,  also
would benefit from improved computing, networking and
telecommunications with their electric utilities. 
existing energy management control systems (emcss)
could be adapted or upgraded to deal with real-time
power pricing. more detailed billing information will
permit users to identify and itemize the cost of each
end-use (air conditioning,  large appliances such as
copiers, individual room lighting, etc.).  building
operators would find it advantageous to cool  their
buildings at night or during the early morning and to
allow them to warm up somewhat in the afternoon.  this
would reduce power usage charges for air conditioning 
during peak load periods on hot afternoons.  emcss
could compute optimal cooling schedules from power
pricing and weather forecasts, and automatically
execute them.




large commercial customers would be able to purchase
electricity from several different vendors, paying
separately for power transmission and local
distribution to their site. vendors might well include
independent power producers, neighboring utilities,
etc. customers would be able to choose the both the
electric power vendor and the quality of service
(frequency of interruptions, allowable transients).
those who wanted higher quality power would pay more. 
some commercial customers would find it worthwhile to
operate co-generation facilities, selling excess power
to the utility.

some building operators might find it worthwhile to
install cool storage capability in their buildings,
making ice during off-peak periods, and melting the
ice to cool air during hot afternoons.

utility operations scenarios

the potential application of the nii to utility
operations can be viewed either opportunistically
(what could one do with an nii?) or from an
applications requirement specification viewpoint (what
is needed from an nii to support proposed changes in
utility operations?).

the fundamental issues to be addressed are:

    what impact could a widely deployed nii have on
     utility operations, capital requirements, etc.? 
     alternatively, how does possible use of the nii
     for utility operations impact the communications
     requirements of the nii?

    what impact will a widely deployed nii (and
     attendant changes in utility pricing power
     policies) have on energy conservation?
     alternatively, what nii capabilities are needed
     to support real-time pricing and other energy
     conservation strategies?

    are the economic advantages to electric utilities
     (especially, reduced capital equipment for peak
     power demands) sufficient to justify the
     construction of wideband communications to
     residential, commercial, or industrial sites?

    how will a widely deployed nii facilitate market
     competition in the electric power industry? 
     alternatively, how will electric power markets,
     increased power wheeling, disaggregated
     utilities, and distributed power generation
     (e.g., from renewable sources) affect nii
     requirements?

the question of whether electric utilities should
supply wideband communications to residences,
commercial and industrial sites is of great interest
to the electrical utilities.  it has been suggested
that the entry of electric utilities into the
telecommunications business may offer significant
economic benefits, by increasing competition and 
accelerating deployment of the nii.  such potential
economic advantages are not discussed further in this
document due to lack of information.  this subject
will be considered in a study sponsored by the
department of energy (doe),  the electric power
research institute (epri), and the edison electric
institute (eei), to be completed later in 1994. in
addition, the study will examine regulatory issues,
especially the regulatory holding company act, and the
financial means used by utilities for developing their
wideband networks.
 
the primary focus in this paper will be the
implications of improved telecommunications for
utility operations, energy conservation and utility
capital requirements.  note that the beneficial impact
of the nii on electric utility operations and energy
demand management arises from the conjunction of
improvements in the cost and capabilities of
telecommunications, microprocessors, and power control
devices.  cheaper communications makes it feasible to
communicate rapid price changes and control messages.
cheap, fast microprocessors and improved power
semiconductors make it feasible to implement variable
price power metering, and for electric power customers
to quickly respond to price changes and control
signals.  the ability of utilities to directly control
low priority loads should reduce the frequency of
power outages and brownouts. the energy savings should
help defer the need for and cost of new power plants.


improved capacity utilization

one of the most important applications of the nii
concerns potential improvements in utilization of
generation, transmission, and distribution capacity,
effectively improving capital productivity.  such
improvements would reduce the capital costs of
electricity and the need to construct new power
plants. capacity utilization improvements could arise
from the following strategies:

    smoothing of peak power loads, via real-time load
     management   by real-time pricing and/or direct
     load control signals.  increased charges for peak
     period power either via time-of-use pricing, or
     real-time (e.g., weather dependent pricing) are
     expected to encourage power consumers to reduce
     peak usage, e.g., by rescheduling appliance
     usage, by thermostat adjustments, or by using
     off-peak thermal storage.

    reducing spinning reserve generation capacity by
     the use of rapidly interruptible loads   in which
     customers sell options to the utility to
     interrupt (a portion of) their service in
     emergencies   turn off water heaters, etc.

    less conservative operation of transmission line
     facilities via more detailed thermal monitoring,
     real-time system load flow and stability
     analyses, and rapidly interruptible loads.

energy conservation

in the united states, peak power loads for many
utilities occur on hot summer afternoons due to air
conditioning loads.  development of the nii would
permit utilities to engage in real-time power pricing
(rtp) to reflect the true costs of electricity usage,
resulting in higher charges for peak period power
usage. a number of customer responses are possible
which would reduce power costs. thus, increased peak
power pricing would accelerate the replacement of
older inefficient air conditioners with newer more
energy efficient air conditioners. factors of two in
energy efficiency are attainable compared to typical
decade-old equipment.  furthermore, price-sensitive
air conditioner controllers could relax thermostat
settings during peak demand (price) periods. clock
driven, or dial-up controllers could be used to turn
on air conditioners shortly before occupants return to
their residences. smart clock-driven thermostats now
do this for heat pump based heating and cooling
systems.

disaggregated utilities and dispersed generation
improved telecommunications and computing will
facilitate real-time control of both the power supply
system and loads. this will support a wide range of
approaches to create more competitive and efficient
markets for electric power.  electric utilities could
be disaggregated into separate generation,
transmission, and distribution organizations with
time, location, and service priority variability in
pricing. it is anticipated that this would lead to
cheaper power by creating more competitive markets for
power generation by independent power producers. such
scenarios pose complex issues in pricing and
economically efficient power dispatching, etc.

the most ambitious scenarios envision national trading
markets in electrical power, comprising  a variety of
options to permit or cover interruptions such as spot
markets  and futures contracts.  it is envisioned that
such markets would function like current financial
markets.

another consideration is that time-varying pricing may
change the attractiveness of various renewable energy
sources. renewable energy sources which exhibit
availabilities similar to the 
power demand, such as solar energy sources in summer
peak load utilities (common in the united states), may
prove more obviously valuable, and hence lead to
faster adoption.

it has been suggested that the weather dependence of
renewable energy sources may require increases in
utility reserve generation capacities. thus more
efficient provision of generating reservesvia the use
of real-time pricing or interruptible service
contracts could facilitate the integration of
renewable energy sources into the utility grid.

distribution automation

other issues of interest to utilities (and doe) are
the use of improved telecommunications to permit
distribution automation, including remote monitoring
and diagnosis of the electrical power distribution
system.   at present most utilities only have
monitoring down to the substation level.  distribution
automation offers the possibility of reduced labor
costs for maintaining distribution facilities, and
more rapid response to power failures. the impetus to
adopt further distribution automation is also due to
the increasing availability of improved, more economic
electronic sensors and power semiconductor devices.

telecommunications requirements

one central question to be addressed is: what levels
of telecommunications and computation infrastructure
are required to support various mechanisms of
time-of-use, real-time, and/or priority-of-service
pricing contracting, billing, and load management?

some of the benefits can be obtained by simple
mechanisms, such as seasonal time-of-day pricing or
direct utility control of hot water systems.  these
mechanisms would perhaps require more complex power
meters, or broadcast load control signals, but not
necessarily wideband point-to-point communications.
other scenarios, such as multiple service priority
levels, utility monitoring (and possibly control) of
end use energy consumption, operation of disaggregated
utilities (spot markets in power, control of dispersed
generators, etc.) variously would  require
higher-bandwidth,  two-way, point-to-point
communications.

there are also a number of traditional (voice) and
multi-media (i.e., video) applications that are of
interest to electric utilities. examples of
multi-media applications include process control video
monitoring, tele-conferencing for routine and
emergency operations, and distance learning.
communications requirements for emergency response
(e.g., to large storms, fires, earthquakes, and
hurricanes) are akin to military command and control
systems, requiring mobile access and multi-media
(voice, data, geographic information systems (gis)
data, remote video).

the most appropriate telecommunications infrastructure
may depend on variables such as population density,
geography (availability of line-of-sight transmission
routes), existing communications infrastructure, etc.
thus, wireless (radio frequency (rf) or satellite)
communications may be more appropriate for rural
areas, while fiber optic links would be more
appropriate for urban settings. thus a utility
communication architecture should be able to adapt to
a variety of communications media.

what is the public interest in promoting the
application?

economic impacts[endnote 2]

potential economic impacts of an improved nii for
energy conservation, electric utility operations, and
energy demand management include both direct and
indirect economic impacts.

the most obvious direct economic impact will be due to
reduced peak power demand. this will reduce the
requirements for peak generating capacity,
transmission and distribution capacity.  recent
experiments (at aep, pge, and gulf power) indicate
coincident summer peak load reductions of 1.5 to 3.0
kilowatts (kw) per residence.  allowances for
transmission losses and reserves imply that peak
generating capacity could therefore by reduced by 2.0
to 4.0 kw per residence. eei estimates peak generating
capital costs at $436/kw for natural gas fueled
combustion turbines (the most common peak load power
plants built today). thus one would expect to see a
capital saving of $872 to $1700 per household.  based
on the 1990 figure of 92 million occupied housing
units in the united states, a reduction in required
generating capacity of the order of 180 to 360
gigawatts (gw) could be expected. the low end
estimates would amount to about $80 billion savings in
capital expenditures. 

however, this estimate appears to be too large. the
residential sector accounts for one third of the total
u.s. electricity demand. since total summer generating
capacity in 1990 was 690 gw, and reserve capacity was
approximately 20 percent, total peak residential
consumption was presumably about 185 gw.  thus
extrapolating eei's estimate to the entire united
states effectively assumes elimination of the entire
residential electric demand   this is clearly
unrealistic. there are two likely sources of error: 
the sample for the studies frequently are high
consumption residences not representative of the
entire housing market, and the summer peak load is
distributed differently over time and geographic
regions.  potential capital savings of $80 billion is
a more likely upper bound; achievable reductions
probably would be half this number. 

spinning reserve generating capacity (typically 5-7%)
could be reduced by substitution with rapidly
curtailable loads.  if spinning reserves could be
reduced by 1% of total  summer load (690 gw in 1990),
this  generating capacity requirements could be
reduced by 7 gw, saving about $3 billion in capital
expenditures.

eei estimates meter reading costs $6/residence/year,
thus automatic meter reading could save another $0.55
billion annually

distribution automation is expected to also largely
eliminate power theft  by permitting more detailed
monitoring of power individual and aggregate power
usage.   losses due to power theft are variously
estimated at between 0.5% and 1.0% in the power
industry. u.s.  electricity consumption in 1990 was
$177 billion. thus one would expect another $0.8 to
$1.7 billion in  annual savings.

energy conservation (reductions in aggregate electric
power demand, not merely peak demand) is estimated by
eei at 5%.  estimated savings would be due to either
higher peak period prices, more attentiveness due to
the availability of more detailed billing, improved
capability to selectively control lighting and other
loads, and improvements in energy efficiency due to
capital equipment replacement. the average u.s.
residential electric bill for 1991 was $777 or about
$39 per residence/year.  with total u.s. residential
electricity consumption for 1991 at $98 billion, 
overall annual residential savings could amount to  $5
billion. u.s.  electricity consumption for commercial
buildings was $56 billion,  thus a similar estimate
would be $2.8 billion annual savings in the commercial
building sector.

eei computes there will be significant savings
($338/residence over 20 years, using a 10% discount
rate) because off-peak power will be produced from
coal, which is cheaper than the natural gas used to
fuel peak generating units.  eei  assumes that natural
gas prices rise faster than coal.  eei also assumes a
savings of $52 per residence over 20 years in
operations and maintenance costs because coal-fired
units are cheaper to operate and maintain than
gas-fired peaking units.

remote service activation/deactivation was estimated
by eei at saving one trip per residence every 7 years.
eei estimated the cost at $50/trip. however, this is
only relevant if either the gas and electric service
are provided by different companies (since otherwise a
utility representative would visit the residence
anyway to restart the gas service).  finally, eei
estimates $59 per residence over 20 years in savings
in productivity improvements in demand side management
impact analyses.

additional savings in distribution operations costs
and losses to customers due to loss of service will
accrue because of faster outage restoration via
distribution automation (i.e., improved
telecommunications, gis, and facilities management
(fm) system. there currently are no  estimates of
these benefits.

the eei study of the entergy corporation trials
suggested that the savings in utility operations and
capital requirements would effectively cover the cost
of deploying the nii.  alternatively, other
applications of the nii could partially amortize the
cost of providing the communications infrastructure
for electric utility applications. eei assumed $850
per residence for fiber/cable, communications
equipment, intelligent gateway/meter, and appliance
wiring and controllers and a cost of $312 per
residence over 20 years (10% discount rate) for
operations and maintenance. total costs were $1172
over 20 years; total benefits (exclusive of other nii
applications) were $1545 over 20 years. 

note that reduced peak power demands can arise from
selective load shedding, rescheduling industrial (or
consumer) activities (into off-peak periods), by
resetting thermostats during peak periods, by customer
provided electrical power storage (batteries,
fly-wheels, fuel cells) or thermal storage (heat or
cold), or by adoption of more efficient appliances,
lighting, heating, ventilating and air conditioning
(hvac) equipment, or additional building insulation.

thermal storage can be provided, for example, by
operating ice-makers at night and using the ice for
air conditioning in daytime. peak period pricing,
either seasonal time-of-day or real-time, can provide
the economic incentive for installation of thermal
storage in commercial buildings. the economic
rationale is that thermal storage may be cheaper than
building the corresponding peak generating,
transmission, and distribution facilities.

in the continental united states many electric
utilities exhibit peak power demands in summer months
in the late afternoon due to air conditioning loads.
two-fold improvements in air conditioner efficiencies
have been achieved over the last decade, but many
customers have not replaced their air conditioners, in
part because present residential electricity tariffs
do not signal the full costs of peak period
electricity, that is, the price is generally not time
dependent. we expect that electricity tariffs which
fully account for the costs of peak period electricity
supply will lead to substantial increases in the price
of power during peak periods   typically hot summer
afternoons when residential consumers are likely to be
using their air conditioners.  this could greatly
accelerate replacement of inefficient air
conditioners. 

indirect economic impacts can be generated through nii
impacts on utility pricing.  peak power pricing could
encourage independent power producers to develop
better load coincident power sources.  examples of
this include solar power in the south and southwestern
united states and possibly wind power generators in
more northern regions. this may hasten the adoption of
some renewable energy sources.  peak period power
pricing and direct utility control also will help
supply power for large fleets of electrical vehicles
(i.e., recharging at night, interruptible power for
daytime recharging).

improved information infrastructure (tele-
communications and computing) appears essential to
operation of large disaggregated utilities (those with
many independent power generators).  improved
information infrastructure is also needed as the
electric power market grows more complex  to support
service reliability differentiation, with accompanying
price variability.

more accurate pricing of power transmission and
distribution services will lead to location dependent
power prices (at least for commercial and industrial
customers).  customers located  far from generating
facilities will face higher prices which in some cases
would favor customer sited co-generation or renewable
(solar, wind) facilities.   these facilities do not
incur transmission costs, but may have higher capital
costs. this effect is already seen in extremely remote
customers such as remote cabins, microwave relay
towers, and paper mills.

increasingly competitive markets for power are
expected to partially reduce inter-regional variations
in the price of power, as users in more expensive
regions import power from regions with less expensive
power.  for example, california currently is importing
less expensive hydropower from the northwest. the
capital costs of transmission facilities and
transmission losses will preserve some regional
variations in power prices.

environmental impacts

environmental benefits are more difficult to quantify. 
nevertheless, energy conservation should lead to
proportionate reductions in air pollution
(particulates, nox, and sulfur-dioxide especially) and 
co2  emissions due to consequent reductions in
fossil-fueled generator operations. this would reduce
greenhouse induced climate change. note however that
shifting some peak loads from natural gas fueled peak
generating facilities to coal-fired base load
generating plants will partially offset the pollutant
reductions due to conservation. these comments do not
apply if base load generation is nuclear or renewable
sources such as solar, wind or hydropower.

more sophisticated utility control systems could also
permit the dispatching of power plants according to
their pollutant production (nox and sulfur dioxides)
on smoggy (high ozone) days. note that coal plants are
typically more polluting than natural gas. some 55% of
the u.s. population reside in metropolitan areas which
do not comply with epa ozone pollution regulations.

the availability of cheap off-peak and interruptible
daytime power for charging batteries or flywheels of
electric vehicles also offers the prospect of reduced
emissions. electric power plants produce negligible
hydrocarbon and carbon monoxide emissions, unlike
autos.  furthermore, even their nox emissions are less
than comparable emissions from gasoline or diesel
vehicles. finally particulate emissions at power
plants are easier to control than from diesel
vehicles. of course, if electricity is generated from
nuclear, solar, wind, or hydropower there are no
emissions of air pollutants or greenhouse gases. such
considerations are the basis of california's new
regulations requiring automobile manufacturers to
produce a certain proportion of electric vehicles.

finally, one would expect that increasingly
competitive markets for electric power will force
utilities to exert increased efforts to reduce the
costs of generating electricity. unfortunately, this
may lead to increased resistance or evasion by
utilities of costly environmental regulation
concerning emission of air pollutants.  additional
enforcement efforts may be required.

income distribution considerations

the effect of real-time pricing (rtp) or time-of-use
(tou) pricing is to increase the price of electricity
during summer peak load periods and thus discourage
electricity use during these periods.  poor households
are likely to be significantly impacted. there are
indications from studies by the medical examiner of



philadelphia that a substantial number of deaths among
the elderly poor during major heat spells are due to
lack of adequate ventilation and/or air conditioning. 

because the major energy savings (both peak demand
reductions and conservation) presumably will accrue
from households with large energy consumption  
typically large affluent single family houses  
utilities will favor wiring affluent suburbs over
urban apartment districts, especially poorer urban
areas.  this has been conmfirmed  in existing trials.
thus some urban communities effectively may face
communications red-lining, further aggravating the
isolation and undesirability of these communities.

trade considerations

efforts to accelerate the introduction of smart
appliances or intelligent utility gateways by means of
regulatory mandates, subsidies, or tax credits for
appliances meeting particular standards may be seen as
non-tariff trade barriers and might therefore become
subject to litigation under nafta or gatt. 

demand for more efficient or more intelligent
appliances may favor foreign producers. recall that
foreign vendors have captured a very large share of
small fuel-efficient u.s. automobile market.  also,
foreign vendors (especially european vendors) are the
major suppliers in the united states of more efficient
front-loading washing machines.  foreign vendors also
lead in the commercial production of electric cars.

part ii:  where are we now?

communications

electrical generation facilities and transmission
grids are extensively automated and supported by
extensive data communications networks,  running
primarily on utility company owned telecommunications
facilities  (fiber optic and microwave) rather than
common carrier facilities.  communications protocols
vary by utility and are often proprietary.   some
utilities, such as pacific gas and electric, employ
the internet tcp/ip   protocol suite.  use of the
internet or public access telecommunication networks
is rare.  there is some use of communications circuits
leased  from common carriers.   at present utility
communications networks generally extend to the
substation level, but not beyond.  distribution
automation (beyond the substation) is just beginning
at most u. s. utilities,  although some utilities have
made substantial progress. 

there are few two-way data communications facilities
between electric utilities and their customers in the
united states  the exceptions  are large (mostly
industrial) customers, who may receive real-time
pricing information via modems over phone lines. 
direct load control of water heaters is widespread in
some communities, relying primarily on one-way
communications via broadcast or packet radio.

in cases where two-way communications between
utilities and customers exists, communications for
distribution automation (da) and automatic  meter
reading (amr) is still largely via  9.6 kilobit/sec
(or slower)  packet radio, power line carrier systems,
or  twisted pairs.  while packet radio seems to be the
preferred communications system for new da and amr
applications, some utilities are deploying fiber optic
communications for distribution automation. 

customer sites

many commercial buildings have some sort of energy
management  control systems (emcss), for heating,
ventilating, and air conditioning  control (hvac), and
for lighting controls.  usually these emc systems are
pc-based controller communicating over twisted pairs
or power lines via proprietary communi-cation
protocols.  control capabilities are often crude (only
on/off), with variable speed motor controls for
ventilation blowers just being deployed recently.  in
many cases emc systems lack the ability for
fine-grained control of lighting, i.e., control of
individual fixtures.  most customer sites have either
no data communications with the utility, or perhaps
some facility for automatic meter reading.  
residences typically employ the x-10 protocol over
power lines,  mostly for remote or automatic
(timer-based) lighting controls, fire and burglar
alarms.  timer controlled thermostats are found in
many  households.  very few households have pc-based
control systems.

metering and tariffs

nearly all residential sites still employ
electro-mechanical meters which must be manually read. 
some commercial sites have electronic meters (with
more flexible pricing) which can be updated and/or
read remotely (via phone lines or radio packet
switching).

most residential customers in the united states do not
have  time-dependent electricity tariffs.  however, 
some (larger) residential  customers have 2-period
(peak/off peak) time-of-use pricing.  commercial and
industrial customers often pay time-of-use (tou) 
prices (usually only 2 time periods - peak/off peak). 
many commercial and  industrial customers also pay a
surcharge based on peak usage during  each month.  a
few large customers pay "real-time prices" (rtp),
which  typically change on an hourly basis, usually
with 24 hour advance notice (sometimes shorter notice,
e.g., 2 to 4 hours).

security 

communications security presently relies primarily on
the fact that utility communications occur on private
communications circuits.  passwords are used to
control access to computers, but digital signatures
for authentication are not presently employed.

interoperability

historically, the bulk of communications for electric
utility operations relied on proprietary
communications protocols, with little provision for
interoperability among utilities or customers.  recent
years have seen deployment of open systems energy
management systems  for management of electric utility
operations typically employing unix,  internet tcp/ip
protocols, and relational databases.  there is some 
use of the iso osi (open systems interconnect)
communications protocols such as x.25.  some formerly
proprietary communications protocols employed in scada
(supervisory control and data acquisition) systems for
monitoring the transmission network and substations
are being standardized.  database interoperability (to
the extent that it exists in  production systems) 
typically relies on commercial database gateway
software, often using ibm's drda (distributed remote
data access) protocol, rather than the iso
(international standards organization) rda (remote
data access) protocol.  there is widespread use of
relational database systems and the sql query
language. however, the real-time component  of
databases for utility operations is still maintained
in proprietary main-memory databases.  practical
database or applications interoperability requires the
adoption of standardized database schemas and
applications program interfaces, which are not yet in
place. 

utility computations and control

at present most utilities rely on off-line
computations for  computationally intensive aspects of
utility control computations such as network security
(i.e., failure contingency) analyses, and optimal
power flow computations.  the ability to perform these 
computations in real-time would be desirable. 

existing research programs

federal research & development programs

there are several federal agencies supporting
research, development, and policy analysis in areas
relevant to nii applications for management of
electricity demand, supply and delivery:   the
department of energy (doe),  the environmental
protection agency (epa), the federal energy regulatory
commission (ferc), the national science foundation
(nsf), and the national institute of standards and
technology (nist).

the doe office of utility technology has programs in:
renewable energy ($179m in fy 94, mostly
photovoltaics), transmission and distribution ($6m in
fy 94, of which $3m for real-time systems control), 
$3m for high capacity transmission technologies
(mostly hvdc), and $1m for systems analysis), energy
storage ($6m in fy 94, mostly batteries), integrated
resource planning ($7m in fy 94), superconductivity
($21m in fy 94). 

the doe office of building technology has a budget in
fy 94 of about $100m.  its research program, covering 
both commercial and residential buildings, includes
emcss, real-time pricing, building codes and appliance
energy efficiency standards, energy efficient lighting
and windows, and evaluation of demand side management
(i.e., conservation) programs.

the doe office of industrial technology is concerned
with energy efficiency improvements and waste
minimization of industrial processes and activities
(manufacturing). it is also concerned with emcs and
real-time pricing for industrial customers.

nsf engineering directorate includes a power systems
program which has supported theoretical work on
utility control algorithms. the program supports
theoretical research in power systems operations,
including control policies and computational
algorithms, and power systems security analysis. the
budget for fy 94 is $3.1m.

ferc has responsibility for regulating access to
transmission networks and has supported work in
regulatory policy analysis for transmission pricing.

epa energy efficiency program is interested in
improving energy efficiency as a means of reducing air
pollution and emission of greenhouse gases. this
program is known as the energy star program. it
includes efforts to encourage the adoption of more
efficient lighting (green lights), a voluntary energy
efficiency standard for personal computers.

nist has an extensive program in communications
protocols standards development and conformance
testing, especially concerning the iso osi protocols.
particularly relevant t to this discussion are its
efforts in assisting the development and testing of
bacnet (building automation and control network) with
ashrae.  also relevant is nist's work in the
development of the dss (digital signature standard) to
facilitate authentication of digital messages. nist's
building controls program is concerned with a variety
of questions (modeling, control policies, equipment,
etc.) concerned with the control of building
environments (thermal, ventilation).

in addition to the energy related research programs
mentioned above the high performance computing and
communications program, specifically the national
research and educational network and the information
infrastructure and applications components, have
supported development of networking technologies
suitable for the management of energy demand, supply
and delivery.

private research & development programs

entergy corporation has conducted a trial of 50 homes,
with fiber optics, and has asked for approval  for a
30,000 residence trial. they believe that the savings
in capital investment (for generation, transmission,
distribution) will more than compensate for the cost
of installing the fiber optics. they have also
estimated that utility applications will require (at
most) 5 percent of the bandwidth to the homes.

electric power research institute (epri), consolidated
edison, pacific gas and electric, and marriott hotels
have undertaken a project to examine the impact of
real-time pricing at two marriott hotels, one in new
york city and one in san francisco. the new york city
hotel project is further along, but was constrained by
existing controls to only on-off control for many
functions. the san francisco hotel has more
sophisticated controls, permitting (for example)
variable speed motor controls for ventilation fans,
etc. the san francisco hotel will use pre-cooling of
ballrooms and meeting rooms. the san francisco hotel
also has ice thermal cool storage facilities.

epri has initiated a new research and development
program in "integrated information systems
integration,"  to be formally inaugurated in 1995. 
this will support collaborative r & d in: broadband
utility telecommunications, information systems
integration, and upgrading legacy systems.

epri also has sponsored work on development of a
utility/customer communications protocol based on the
osi protocol suite.  numerous programs with a strong
communications component using osi standards uca/mms
and dais/rda are now undergoing field trials and
preproduction demonstrations.  many will complete in
the 1994 -95 time frame. notable among these are the
following:

    pg&e north bay division: applications in five key
     business areas of system utilization, demand side
     management, curtailment verification, information
     to customers and system information for business
     planning. these are being introduced in parallel
     with legacy systems.

    kansas city power & light: generalized access to
     heterogeneous databases using dais servers as
     front ends to legacy databases. the system will
     include a gui application development tool,
          rda/sql     protocols and both unix and ms windows
     workstations.

    public service electric & gas co.:  a generation
     energy cost system accessing distributed
     databases. it will provide users a uniform view
     of the data via osi/rda communications protocols.

    ogelthorpe power corp.: an integrated
     distribution automation, demand side management
     project for electric member cooperatives.  this
     system will integrate systems of different emcss
     with their generation and transmission utility.
     the project will implement inter-control center
     communications using iso 9506 mms protocols.

    united power association: a project for
     substation and feeder automation. it includes the
     monitoring of substation equipment and meters,
     control of sectionalizing switches and
     capacitors.

    florida power corporation:  a project performing
     remote distribution capacitor bank control,
     validation of load management receiver operation
     and remote meter reading.

    georgia power company:  the integration of a new
     distribution scada system with gis facilities
     mapping. this will entail two communications
     systems. in an urban environment a point to
     multipoint wireless system will be used. a
     packet-switched wireless network will be used in
     a rural setting.

    san antonio city public service board: data
     communications over both local and wide area
     networks providing database access and
     integration services.

    union electric company: a project using radio
     controlled feeder switches. it will also
     determine feasibility of collecting and using
     data from automated switch locations for
     operations, engineering planning and design.

    northern states power: a wireless project to
     demonstrate the use of iso9506 (mms) in several
     facets of an existing distribution automation
     project.

    allegheny power service corp: an advanced power
     line communications project using spread spectrum
     modulation and sophisticated signal processing to
     reduce the effects of power line noise and
     interference at bit rates of over 1200 b/s.

    epri contractors: a project to demonstrate the
     use of a single real-time messaging protocol for
     intercontrol center communications.

    houston lighting & power: the electricity
     reliability council of texas (ercot) with hl&p
     has a project which supplies data from ten
     control area supervisory control and data
     acquisition (scada)/ energy management systems to
     two security center computers for reporting and
     analysis.

    epri and contractors: an integrated protection,
     control and data acquisition project to define an
     open system for communications between all
     substation intelligent devices. such a system
     will act as a backbone for a modern substation
     protection, data gathering control and
     diagnostics.

    epri customer communications gateway: this is an
     evolution of an epri developed gateway product
     for 2-way utility -customer communications. it
     will implement mms using the reduced osi stack.
     it will be designed for communications over both
     physical and wireless media.

    roxboro automation project: this project is
     intended to provide efficient and useful
     plant-wide automation technologies. the project
     will investigate various european and domestic
     advanced control strategies, plan-wide data
     communications and data access along with
     standardized man-machine interfaces plant dynamic
     simulation and load dispatch. adherence to
     international system standards will be closely
     followed.

    philadelphia electric: prototype development and
     implementation of a predictive maintenance or
     operations and maintenance workstation. this
     system will provide interoperability among
     disparate computer platforms for various power
     utility applications and will be portable to
     other power plants.
          
    epri knowledge delivery and collaboration
     network: epri is engaged in a continuous
     improvement program of developing electric
     utility industry information services network
     eprinet. this is an internet -like environment
     which supports client server applications for
     technical research information retrieval,
     bulletin board systems, electronic mail,
     directory services, authentication and
     transaction processing. epri has used a
     combination of osi and tcp/ip technology, wais
     and mosaic. epri has begun a program of
     electronic document delivery so as to provide
     electronic options of full electronic browsing of
     compound documents and printed-on-demand. epri
     expects to implement new tools for browsing and
     collaborative work automation this year.

part iii:  where do we want to be?

issues for the department of energy 

the issues confronting doe fall into three major
categories:  economics, control, and informatics
infrastructure.  studies are needed in the following
areas:  economic studies of various institutional and
regulatory regimes for the electric utility industry,
economic and regulatory policy studies of electric
utility provision of communications services, and
technical studies of computational algorithms,
computational and communications infrastructure for
utility operations and real-time demand side
management. economic issues have been discussed in
part i.  discussion of electric utility entry into
telecommunications market is beyond the scope of this
document.

beyond the broad issues, doe needs to identify the
technical obstacles to deployment of these
technologies and the research, prototype, or
demonstration efforts needed to hasten adoption.  doe
also needs to identify the most appropriate setting(s)
and mechanisms for each aspect of the r&d effort.

utility control computations

in the event that communications, control and
computations components could be implemented widely
into the power grid and customer sites, how then
should one price utility services (power and
transmission) and control the operation of the utility
and customer loads?  large-scale computations are
required to  respond to such questions:

    load flow analysis   given specified loads and
     power sources, how will power flow through the
     transmission/distribution network? this
     information is used to determine transmission
     losses.  transmission line losses must be known
     to determine transmission service pricing and to
     assure that transmission lines are not permitted
     to overheat.  load flow analyses are conducted by
     solving a large system of simultaneous nonlinear
     (quadratic) equations.

    scheduling involves the scheduling of generator
     plants outages for maintenances, refueling
     nuclear power plants, long term power purchases
     and operation of hydro-electric power plants.

    unit commitment scheduling involves deciding when
     to commit the operation of large steam-based
     power plants. such plants often require several
     hours to be brought up to full operation or to be
     shutdown. typically unit commitment scheduling is
     done a day (or even a week) in advance. 

    economic dispatch concerns the real-time
     operation of the electric utility given the
     scheduling and unit commitment decisions. the
     utility must determine efficient policies for
     purchasing, dispatching of generators, and load
     curtailment. this involves the solution of large
     optimization problems. each iteration of the
     economic dispatch computation may involve solving
     the load flow analysis problem.

    pricing   prices for sales of power and
     transmission services must be computed.
     transmission prices are affected by transmission
     losses which are a function of the load flow, and
     ambient air temperature. note that the ferc sets
     policy for access and pricing of electricity
     transmission under the energy policy act of 1992. 
     one approach to computing transmission prices is
     to use the dual variables from the transmission
     capacity constraints in the economic dispatch
     computation.

    stability (or security) analysis concerns the
     analysis of the vulnerability of the power
     systemdue to failures in generating or
     transmission equipment, failures of utility
     inter-ties, or unanticipated loads. at present
     such security analyses are performed offline,
     using pessimistic estimates of loads,
     transmission line capacities, etc. operating
     policies and planned responses to potential
     failures are designed accordingly. real-time
     computation of security analyses would permit
     higher levels of utilization of trans-mission
     facilities.

    fault diagnoses involve the determination of the
     cause and location of problems with the
     generation, transmission, and distribution
     network from telemetry data.

all of these problems appear to become more difficult
with disaggregated electric utilities and the arrival
of large numbers of independent generators.

a number of these problems (e.g., load flow analysis)
are very large expensive computations, typically
performed off-line. they may be amenable to
supercomputer, parallel or clustered computing, or
distributed control systems. the ability to perform
these computations in real-time may permit less
conservative operation of the power system and more
resilience in the face of failures.

note also, that combining to the solution to several
of these problems may produce more efficient
solutions;  e.g., combining load flow analysis,
pricing, and economic dispatch. this is presently done
for some off-line computations.

applications of nii to utility operations



applications of improved telecommunications to utility
operations may be grouped into three categories:
demand side management, transmission and distribution
automation, and remote generation unit control. these
applications primarily involve communications within a
utility or between a utility and its customers.

demand side management

    direct load management (dlm) entails direct
     utility control of customer appliances to reduce
     peak power demands. examples of loads which are
     common candidates for dlm include: electrical
     heating, air-conditioning, hot water heating
     (residential, hospitals, hotels, laundries),
     electric clothes dryers (mostly residential),
     dishwashers (mostly residential), electric ranges
     or ovens (mostly residential, for short periods).

    real-time power pricing (rtp) is the use of
     frequently changing power prices (every 15 min or
     more rapidly during emergency operations) to
     encourage customer power conservation during
     periods of peak demand.  the primary advantage of
     rtp over direct load management (by the utility)
     is that it permits more discretionary control by
     utility customer. this is sometimes important for
     residential customers in situations where there 
     are  constraints on appliance operation due to
     personal schedules.  the issue is much more
     important for commercial and industrial
     customers, whose amenability to power
     interruption may vary widely according to
     time-of-day or  immediate workload, among other
     factors.

     rtp also has some advantages over seasonal
     time-of-use (tou) pricing.  rtps are adjustable
     for weather dependent load demand (based on
     temperature) and power generation availability
     (based on insolation, wind speed).   finally,
     rtps can be adjusted to account for generator
     outages, transmission line failures, and
     availability and price of purchased power.

     there is some question as to how responsive
     utility customers are likely to be to rapidly
     fluctuating power prices.  while certain
     industrial or commercial activities can be
     rescheduled on a day's notice, often such
     activities are not effectively interruptible on
     shorter notice.  similarly, opportunities for
     modifying heating/cooling building operations are
     more substantial given 24 hour notice, than on
     shorter time scales.

    rapidly curtailable loads (rcl)   direct control
     of customer loads could be used to reduce
     requirements for spinning reserve generating
     capacity. spinning reserves are maintained to
     cope with failures of generators and transmission
     lines. alternatively, the utility could reduce
     spinning reserves (typically 3 to 7 percent of
     generating capacity) and rely on selective rapid
     shedding of loads. response time requirements
     here are more stringent   typically about 20
     seconds,  sometimes much less.  users would
     contract with the utility to permit interruption
     of some loads (typically hot water heaters,
     irrigation pumps, refrigerators) in exchange for
     lower electricity rates for the interruptible
     portion of their power use.  presently only large
     industrial customers have interruptible power
     tariffs.  florida power and light relies on rapid
     load shedding for some of its "spinning reserve".

    end-use energy usage information gathering  
     building energy management and control systems
     could collect and transmit to the utility
     detailed information on end-use energy
     consumption  along with temperature measurements
     and thermostat settings.  such information could
     be used for improving utility load forecasting,
     improving building energy models, analysis of
     building energy efficiency, diagnosis of building
     hvac problems, and utility provision of energy
     services.

    experience with french building energy management
     control system (emcs) installations in public
     buildings (offices, schools) indicates that
     energy efficiency improvements of at least 10
     percent are obtainable from detailed (5 min
     interval) monitoring and analysis of building
     energy usage.  for smaller commercial and
     residential customers (without emcss) some of
     these monitoring functions might be performed by
     a microprocessor based electricity meter.

    end use energy consumption estimation via
     regression analysis   one application of high
     bandwidth communications would be to frequently
     record total energy use and appliance/equipment
     usage (on/off status).  regression studies could
     then be used to determine energy consumption of
     individual appliances and equipment.

    utility provision of energy services   the
     electrical utility could contract to supply space
     conditioning (hvac) and (possibly) lighting
     services within specified tolerances. the utility
     would then employ remote building monitoring,
     thermal storage, and direct control over hvac
     equipment to meet target temperature ranges at
     minimum cost. conceivably, such energy service
     operations might be supplied by third party
     vendors (buying power on the spot market).   


transmission & distribution automation

as noted earlier, transmission automation is fairly
well developed among electric utilities, whereas
distribution automation efforts are more recent.  many
of the issues concerning transmission automation are
discussed above, under utility control computations.
many of the applications and issues are similar for
transmission and distribution automation. here the
distribution automation applications are emphasized:

    intelligent substation communications   currently
     emerging technologies include the development of
     intelligent electrical protection devices at
     substations. such systems may require expanded
     protocols for communication between substation
     devices and utility energy management systems
     (scada systems) over wide area networks.

    outage reporting   distribution automation would
     permit more timely, spatially localized reporting
     of power outages. outages would be directly
     detected and reported without relying on customer
     complaints.

    transmission or distribution fault diagnosis  
     real-time analysis of power system state
     measurements could be used to diagnose fault
     locations in the transmission and distribution
     network. this problem is amenable to the use of
     model-based diagnosis by expert systems.

    power quality monitoring   voltage deviations and
     other power quality problems could be detected
     and corrected. see discussion above of fault
     diagnosis.

    automatic meter reading (amr)   aside from the
     savings in labor costs due to amr, there are also
     advantages in reduced exposure of utility
     personnel in dangerous neighborhoods.

    remote service connection/ disconnection  
     electrical service could be turned on or off
     remotely, reducing labor costs and improving
     response time for installing service. this would
     be particularly useful in settings with high
     turnover of customers such as rental units near
     colleges.

    theft detection   closer monitoring of the
     distribution system, facilitated by distribution
     automation should permit increased detection of
     power theft, presently estimated at about 1
     percent of power sales or about $2 billion/year.

    emergency response planning and operations   this
     is facilitated by improved communications,
     distribution monitoring, gis (geographic
     information systems), and expert systems.
     emergency response to both equipment failures and
     natural disasters (fires, hurricanes, and
     earthquakes) is important.

    remote process monitoring   video monitoring and
     recording of events at either power plants or
     substations is useful for control and post-mortem
     diagnostics. automatic processing of acoustic
     signals and optical spectra are useful for
     assessing the state of generating equipment and
     switch gear.

    facility security   surveillance of generation,
     transmission, distribution, and communications
     facilities is an increasingly important
     application. such surveillance applications may
     require audio and video (i.e., multi-media)
     communications channels. these applications also
     require reliable, secure communications channels.

    geographic information system (gis) applications
       gis systems (also known as automated mapping/
     facilities management (am/fm) systems) are used
     many purposes by electric utilities: emergency
     response planning and operations,  planning the
     siting of new facilities (generation,
     transmission, solar, wind, hydroelectric),
     assessing snow packs for planning hydro-electric
     operations, local area demand growth forecasting,
     environmental and operational management of
     rights-of-way, vegetation management. they are
     used to link customer information systems,
     engineering systems, scada systems and planning.

    existing am/fm systems are typically derived from
     computer aided design (cad) systems. utilities
     have found such systems not fully adequate for
     the uses to which they are now being put. better
     systems, better adapted to distributed,
     peer-to-peer, object-oriented computing, with
     better facilities for linking to other dbmss are
     needed.

remote generation unit control

remote operation and control of generating units is
desirable to reduce operations personnel costs. common
applications would include control of smaller
co-generation facilities. such applications would
employ wideband communications, for remote video
monitoring and real-time data transmission protocols.

nii applications to utility industry transactions

in this section we consider nii applications to
utility industry transaction, which primarily involve
communications among utilities, utilities and
independent power producers, utilities and vendors,
utilities and regulatory agencies. some applications
also involve communications with customers.

in contrast to intra-utility, or utility-customer
communications based applications described above,
which could conceivably rely on different
communications protocols for different utilities
(albeit with the loss of economies of scale), the
applications considered here intrinsically require
common communications protocols and perhaps even
standardized database schemas to be practical.

power marketing

    support for real-time spot markets in electrical
     power   such spot markets for power would either
     be between utilities or between utilities and
     independent power producers (e.g., solar, wind,
     or co-generation power plants).  customers who
     had sold options for interruptible service might
     cover the options with spot market power
     purchases.  automated operations of such power
     markets would reduce transaction costs and permit
     smaller more frequent transactions.

    support for real-time futures markets in power  
     the logic here is similar to the logic for spot
     markets. futures markets for power delivery, and
     options (interruptible service) would complement
     spot markets for power.

    support for variable quality levels of electric
     power   customers could purchase different
     quality electric power as needed. quality
     measures include voltage control, harmonics,
     transients, and interruptions. often critical
     industrial (or medical) activities require
     uninterruptible power - but only when the plant
     is actually operating. improved communications
     would permit customers to tell utilities when
     they needed higher (or lower) quality power.

    support for national power trading   in addition
     to local or regional trading in electrical power,
     one can envision inter-regional (united states,
     canada, mexico) real-time power markets. it is
     anticipated that this will require increased
     control and communications capabilities to
     maintain efficient, safe, stable operations of
     the transmission lines and inter-connected
     utility grid. more extensive, real-time markets
     for electric power are expected to create more
     volatile arrangements for power delivery and thus
     increase real-time control system requirements.
     the control computational issues have been
     (briefly) described above.

inter- and intra-communications and transactions

improvements to inter-utility power trading, power
wheeling transactions, inter-connections of
transmission grids and power pools will require
increased communication between utility control
centers. this would be facilitated by standard
communications protocols and standardized database
schemas.

the nii could be used for environmental reporting to
the environmental protection agency and various air
quality control districts, for emergency response
reporting to the federal emergency management agency
(fema) and the nuclear regulatory commission (nrc).
utility filings with public utilities commissions
(pucs) could be done over the nii and access to the
public provided.

a nii would facilitate remote facilities engineering,
service, support by utility equipment vendors. this
would entail the use of electronic data interchange
(edi) for commercial transactions and the use of
standardized computer assisted logistics systems  for
documentation. security issues would also have to be
addressed, lest diagnostic access to utility control
systems or equipment become trapdoors for intruder
access.

part iv:  how are we going to get there?

institutional mechanisms

requirements for an information infrastructure  will
be a function of the institutional framework of
electric power.   discussions of utility reform have
typically envisioned the creation of spot markets for
electric power, long term contracts (either fixed
price or indexed), options contracts for interruptible
service, and futures markets. various schemes have
been proposed to permit independent power producers
access to transmission and distribution networks and
to charge for transmission services. this is known as
retail wheeling.

there has been much discussion of the notion of
dismembering existing integrated utilities in favor of
separate transmission, distribution, and power
generation companies. in england such institutional
changes have already been put in place. the united
states has also seen the rise of numerous independent
power producers (wind powered and co-generation
facilities primarily). many expect that future utility
scenarios will see much larger numbers of independent
producers dispersed throughout the utility service
regions. similarly, improvements in batteries,
flywheels and other energy storage technologies
suggest that there will be larger numbers of energy
storage facilities available. disaggregated utilities,
real-time power markets, retail power wheeling, and
dispersed generation and power storage regimes will
have more demanding computational and communication
requirements. furthermore the plethora or
organizations will generating increasing demands for
standardization of communication and database access
protocols.

the information infrastructure requirements for
electric utility operation are likely to grow as many
of these institutional changes are adopted by new
legislation, regulatory policies, technology changes,
and competitive pressures. information infrastructure
requirements will also be sensitive to the details of
transmission pricing policies.  some policies require
significantly more communication, sensors, and
computation than others.  given that many commercial,
industrial activities are not amenable to interruption
on short (15 min) time scales, some have suggested
that coarser price adjustments (hourly) set further in
advance (24 hours) may achieve most of advantageous
attainable with real-time pricing.  further research
(both theoretical and empirical) in this matter
appears warranted.

information infrastructure issues

increasingly competitive power markets will place more
stringent demands on the supporting information
infrastructure, especially in terms of
interoperability and security.  this section discusses
how the information infrastructure should be
constructed to support the management of electric
power generation, demand, and delivery in light of
those demands. 

network protocols

one issue which will have to be resolved is what
protocols are to be used for the data communications
networks which will support utility monitoring,
control, and utility customer communications. note
that different protocols might be employed for
different applications.  while present utility
practice often includes the use of proprietary
protocols over dedicated communications lines, there
is increased interest and shift toward standard
communications protocols. this will be essential for
large scale utility-customer communications.  epri has
supported the development of such utility-customer
communication protocols. the question of which
communication protocols the electric utility industry
will use is the subject of considerable contention. 
the debate focusses mainly on the choice  between open
systems interconnect (osi) and transmission control
protocol/internet protocol (tcp/ip) based protocol
suites, and on whether to use industry-specific or
generic protocols. the development of a utility
network architecture that includes high performance
technologies, advanced distributed capabilities,
low-latency and real-time data flows, security,
authentication, and accounting capabilities is needed
to support requirements for management of energy
demand, supply, delivery.

commercial support is a key criterion for the
selection of a communications protocol.  to what
extent are the protocol suites currently and
prospectively supported by commercial vendors? the
current (or near term) availability of commercial
products would reduce the risk and cost to utilities
and customers of adopting a particular protocol suite.

the capabilities provided by the protocol are also
important,  specifically:  addressing, bandwidth
guarantees, and latency guarantees.  is the address
space of the protocol adequate to support the proposed
applications   ultimately perhaps serving in excess of
100 million nodes? is the system for allocating
addresses practical in an electrical utility setting?
can the protocol guarantee the bandwidth needed for
urgent utility communications? finally, can the
protocol provide suitable latency guarantees for
transit times for urgent (especially emergency)
utility communications? 

the last important criterion for protocol selection is
the ability to use heterogeneous telecommunications
infrastructures. how adaptable to different
telecommunications equipment are the communications
protocols? can they be used over general purpose
telecommunications networks? do they require unique
(dedicated) telecommunications networks? how much
experience is there with real implementations?

there are several major alternatives discussed below:
the tcp/ip protocol suite, the osi protocol suite,
real-time protocols, and hybrid protocol suites. 

the tcp/ip and related protocols were  developed by
the internet (formerly arpanet) community under u.s.
department of defense (dod) and national science
foundation (nsf) sponsorship.  these protocols have a
large and rapidly growing base of users and vendor
support by both computer system vendors and
telecommunications vendors.  there is a large body of
implementation experience, both in local networks and
over diverse telecommunications hardware. the internet
protocols are widely used throughout the u.s.
government, university, and commercial sectors.

the open systems interconnect (osi) protocol suite was
developed by international standards organization
(iso) dominated by european computer systems vendors.
there is comparatively (relative to tcp/ip) little
commercial use of the transport network level osi
protocols; e.g., clnp, tp0, tp4. 

however, osi application level protocols have proven
more popular. usage of the osi x.400 mail protocol is
extensive and growing. usage of the osi x.500
directory service protocol is growing.   the remote
database access (rda) and sql standards offer a
solution to the problem of accessing heterogeneous
remote relational databases.  the rda standards are
specified over oci protocols; however, using the
rfc1006 internet specification, rda runs over tcp/ip
protocols.  nist is sponsoring an rda/sql testbed for
demonstration projects in the areas of electronic
commerce, health care, digital libraries, and
scientific research.  in addition, nist has a
memorandum of understanding with the canadian
government, government telecommunications and
informatics services, to further rda testing and
technology validation.  the nist testbed hosts two
commercial pre-release products, as well as
government-developed prototypes.  nist is developing
testing tools to evaluate conformance and
interaoperability of rda implementations.

major relational dbms vendors sell communications
software for distributed access to their own sql
databases, as well as gateways to certain other sql
databases.  however, none of these products meets the
broad public need for nonproprietary access methods.

epri has used the osi protocol suite as the basis of
their utility communications architecture. this has
been adopted by a number of american and canadian
utilities.

real-time protocol suites (which would provide
guaranteed latency and bandwidth for high priority
communications) for deployment in general,
heterogeneous telecommunications environments are
currently the topic of research.   deployment of
asynchronous transfer mode (atm) infrastructure by the
telecommunications and computer companies will speed
the development of real-time protocols. 

finally, hybrid protocol suites composed of
combinations of the above protocol suites are a
possibility.

note that for large homogeneous classes of customers
(urban residential customers) it may be sufficient to
multicast a single price (schedule) or global load
control command.   for example,  all hot water heaters
with an identifier ending with 9, turn off.  such
multicast communications may require different



protocols (or protocol features) than peer-to-peer
protocols, although they are supported in internet
protocol (ip) and atm protocols. similarly, for many
purposes it may be sufficient to aggregate responses
(e.g., anticipated power demands, or supplies) to a
new price schedule message over large portions of the
networks, rather than reporting individual responses
(anticipated power demands, or supplies). such
aggregation could conceivably be done within the
communications network, reducing the number of
messages flowing back to the control center. similar
aggregation strategies are employed in network
management systems for large data communications and
tele-communications networks.

multicast messages could conceivably rely on broadcast
radio communications (e.g., frequency modulation (fm)
subcarrier, cellular radio, radio paging systems)
rather than wired communi-cations to individual sites. 
one problem with broadcasting prices is the
possibility of discontinuous demand curves, because
customers are likely to use discrete price points
(even number of cents per kilowatt-hour (kwh)).

packet radio has been used in some direct-control and
automatic meter reading systems, such as metricom in
southern california edison.  recently, it seems to
have become the favored communications medium for a
number of utilities.

new communications architectures may be hybrids of the
above alternatives.

customer site network protocols

communication protocols for use within a customer site
(residence or commercial building) have recently been
the subject of contention. most automated residences
today employ the x-10 protocol, which relies on a
frequency modulated power line carrier communications
with a simple command protocol. more recently there
have been two major new contenders: the cebus protocol
proposed by the electrical industry association, and
the lonworks protocol developed by echelon
corporation, motorola and toshiba. these new protocols
are much more powerful and versatile than x-10. cebus
has lacked an integrated implementation in integrated
circuits - relying on vendor software implementation
on microcontrollers. there have been some problems
with interoperability. motorola and toshiba provide
integrated circuits which implement the lonworks
protocol. this offers cheap, interoperable
implementations.   both cebus and lonworks will
operate over a variety of communications media
including twisted pair wires, power lines, radio,
infrared, optical fiber, coax, etc. 

a third protocol, bacnet (building automation and
control network), is being developed by the american
society of heating, refrigeration, and air
conditioning engineers (ashrae) with assistance from
nist (the national institute of standards and
technology). the bacnet protocol also runs across a
variety of media. it is targeted primarily at hvac
(heating, ventilating and air conditioning) and
lighting controls for commercial buildings. bacnet
protocol specification, standardization and adoption
has (thus far) trailed cebus and lonworks.

communications media

utilities (electric, gas, water) have made increasing
use of radio frequency wireless communications systems
for automatic meter reading, and have sought rf
spectrum allocations for this purpose. the economic
logic here is that wireless systems require less
investment in infrastructure. however, rf spectrum is
a finite and increasingly important resource.
arguably, one might wish to consider reserving (or at
least favor) use of the rf spectrum for applications,
e.g., mobile phones, which require wireless
communications. the deployment of the nii to
households would obviate the need for the use of rf
spectrum for this purpose.

at present utilities employ (or are testing) a wide
variety of media for utility customer communications:
fiber optics, standard phone lines, uhf/vhf radio,
long haul power line carrier, short haul power line
carrier, coaxial cable, and even satellite
communications for remote areas.  at present phone
lines, and power line carrier are the most heavily
used media.

distributed systems architecture

distributed systems architectures (dsa) are concerned
with establishing a framework and the rules for
coordinating the harmonious operation of all the
components of a distributed system.  in particular, a
dsa must provide for building and operating
distributed applications.  for energy supply and
demand management, dsas must provide for distributed
intra-utility, inter-utility, and utility-customer
applications.  the open software foundation's (osf)
distributed computing environment (dce) and the object
management group's (omg) common object request broker
are dsas which provide the features typical of modern
dsas.  these features are:

    a model of distributed parallel computation    
     most systems today employ explicit message
     passing models of computation.  dce's model is
     based on the remote procedure call (rpc) and uses
     threads to achieve parallelism; corba's model is
     one of cooperating (potentially remote) objects. 
     both dce and corba are biased toward synchronous
     operation, but contain features which allow for
     asynchronous operation.

    a security model   a security model provides for
     controlled access to resources (data) and
     specifies how data is protected during
     transmission. this is included in dce.

    an authentication model   such a model specifies
     how one authenticates users, and messages, i.e.,
     establishes the identity of users and the origin
     of messages. the kerberos authentication model is
     included in dce.

    naming model   this is concerned with
     unambiguously identifying resources in a
     distributed system, e.g., how names are mapped to
     addresses, name-address resolution, etc.  this is
     included in dce.

    file services   this is concerned with how remote
     files are accessed over the network and may
     include features such as operations on logical
     volumes, synchronization, replication and
     protection of resources.  the distributed file
     system (dfs), based on the andrew file system, is
     scheduled for inclusion in dce this year.

    symmetry of computations    ideally, both the
     asymmetric client-server model and the symmetric
     peer-to-peer model should be supported.  dce is
          based on an asymmetric     (rpc) model (but with tools for symmetric
     operation) whereas corba is based on a symmetric
     model (with tools for asymmetric operation).

    clock synchronization   global synchronization of
     clocks should be maintained among the distributed
     nodes. this is part of dce.

    resource discovery   processes must be able to
     find out what resources are available on the
     network and where they are located. such a
     mechanism, the dynamic invocation interface, is
     part of corba.

there is considerable effort in both the research and
commercial sectors being addressed to the
specification, development, deployment, testing of
such distributed system architectures. in 
addition to the vendor-based osf and omg standards
efforts there are competing proprietary proposals
(e.g., ole by microsoft). it would be advantageous if
the electric utility industry could 
avail themselves of a distributed system architecture
already under development.  there is also a perceived
need to define a utility-customer gateway protocol, so
as to decouple the communications and control
architecture within a residence/commercial building
from the distributed systems architecture employed by
the utility.

database management

there are already a myriad of databases used in the
operation of an electric utility, especially a
disaggregated utility. utilities need to know about
their own operations (generation, transmission and
distribution), the status of nearby utilities or
independent power producers with whom it trades power,
and its current and anticipated power demand. some of
these are described below.

these may be classified into databases which describe
the physical structure of the utility (engineering
drawings), those which describe the electrical
structure (schematics), and electrical status of all
of the utility equipment, those which describe the
thermal status of equipment (e.g., boilers, power
lines), those which describe the status of reservoirs,
and hydro-power facilities, and those which describe
fuel inventories, scheduled maintenance and refueling.

utilities need to maintain real-time databases of
prices for both power generation and transmission
services. with increased access to the transmission
grid by independent power producers such price (and
capacity) databases will grow increasingly voluminous.
utilities also need to maintain databases of the
current, anticipated, and historical (for billing)
electrical loads. billing/service status databases are
used both for accounting and to dispatch staff to
connect/disconnect service.

real-time weather and hydrological databases are used
to forecast loads, plan emergency responses to
outages, and constrain generation activities which
depend on hydro-power or cooling water. pollutant
databases, encompassing pollutant emission limits
(current, forecast, purchasable), and plant pollutant
emissions (nox, so2, particulate, radioactivity,
cooling discharge) are used in conjunction with
weather databases to plan generation operations which
are constrained by air or water pollution regulations.

maintenance operations require databases which record
spare equipment stocks, repair vehicle and crew
availabilities and locations. physical security of the
utility plant requires real-time databases of
intrusion, fire, and flood detectors.

typically, even within a single utility, the
aforementioned data are maintained in separate
databases for real-time electrical status (scada
systems), equipment and network topology (facilities
management database), and the billing, tariff and
customer information (business database). often there
will be many more databases, partitioned either
functionally, geographically, or institutionally
(e.g., inde-pendent power producers).

the multiplicity of databases, many of which may be
maintained by individual power generation facilities,
industrial users, interconnected utilities,
independent power generators or transmission facility
operators suggested that utilities confront major
problems in the integration of heterogeneous
databases. this is currently an active area of
development among utilities.

in addition to generic database management systems
(dbms) standards efforts (e.g., sql and rda) by vendor
groups, national and international bodies there are
efforts directed specifically at the standardization
of spatial data query.  there is an effort (the
national spatial data infrastructure program) in the
federal government to improve the availability,
accuracy, and access to spatial information concerning
the united states. such spatial data is of particular
interest to public policy debates, taxation, public
administration, and disaster response activities.
utilities are also major users of spatial data, for
facilities planning, facilities management,
maintenance, and emergency response.

dbms issues to be addressed include:

    choice of data models   what data model(s) will
     be used for these databases? relational, network,
     object-oriented?

    query languages   will all of the databases
     support a structural query language?

    schema integration (and standard-ization?)   how
     will the various schemas of the individual
     databases be integrated? will some or all of the
     schemas be standardized?

    transaction management   how will transactions
     affecting multiple databases be coordinated? will
     the database systems all support 2-phase commit
     protocols?

    replication   how will databases be replicated to
     assure high reliability?

    data exchange formats   in what format(s) will
     data be exchanged?

    real-time data management   commercial real-time
     databases are virtually nonexistent.  how will
     these be designed? who will implement and support
     them? (at present two telecommunications
     equipment vendors, have these under development.
     existing power control systems rely on ad hoc
     software.)

    active database management   network, price, and
     load monitoring applications all seem prime
     candidates for active database management
     systems, in which state transitions trigger rule
     invocations to respond to changes in the
     environment. the specification, design,
     implementation, and programming of such active
     dbmss is currently an active research area, with
     limited commercial products appearing. is this a
     suitable technology for power control systems?
     can one reliably program such rule systems for
     this class of application?

applications integration

standardized applications program interfaces are
needed for utility industry inter-operability.  such
api's require not only agreement on distributed system
architectures and/or database access protocols, but
more extensive standard-ized specifications of
database schemas, and operation semantics, e.g., the
definition, implementation, and testing of
standardized objects and methods similar to efforts
currently underway in the healthcare informatics
industry. methods for specifying the interactions
between applications are needed. typically, real-time
performance constraints must be met. 


network administration

electric utilities operating large tele-communication
networks have two network administration problems  
the telecommunications network and the power network.
the problems are similar 
and raise the question of whether communications
network administration protocols and software systems
could be profitably adapted for use in administering
the power network.
in either case, the networks envisioned are
potentially huge  encompassing a number of nodes at
least equal to the number of separate residences  or
perhaps even the number of major appliances (plus
electric autos), if each had a separate controller.
since many appliances already include microprocessor
controls this quite likely.

total network sizes for the united states may easily
reach into the realm of 100 million to a billion
nodes. even a single utility, such as pacific gas &
electric, might have ten million nodes. as the price
of microprocessors and power electronics declines,
disposable electronic ballasts in compact fluorescent
light bulbs are already available.  one could even
conceive of individually addressable light fixtures
(e.g., fluorescent ballasts in office buildings).

communications security

the primary concern with respect to communication
security for electric utility operation is primarily
authentication, rather than privacy (but see below). 
authentication issues arise both for enforcement of
contractual obligations, prevention of meter tampering
(power theft) and, perhaps most importantly, to
prevent unauthorized interventions in the operation of
the power network; i.e., by terrorists, warring
states, criminals, or unscrupulous competitors.
electric utility facilities have been favorite targets
for terrorists, rebels, and (most recently) for the
united states air force in iraq during the gulf war.

thus far, this does not seem to have been a salient
concern of utilities, presumably, because many
utilities presently rely on private dedicated
communications networks. if utilities were to rely on
public communications networks, e.g., the internet,
they would be much more exposed to security threats to
their communications.  hence, such communications
security issues will have to be effectively addressed,
if utility usage of public communications networks is
to become widely adopted.

thus, it would be prudent to provide some type of
digital signature for at least some of the
communications. digital signatures provide for
authentication of communications and nonrepudiation of
messages (e.g., contracts). digital signatures are
commercially available, e.g., from rsa data security,
inc., but the national institute of standards and
technology (nist) has recently adopted a different
digital signature algorithm (the digital signature
standard (dss)).  while these issues do not seem
unique to electric power utilities, they are essential
to the success of the applications discussed here.

concerns over physical security of utility
installations (transmission, generation, distribution)
at which utility communications will be co-located has
caused some in the electric utility industry to
question the practicality of third-party communication
vendors.

a related problem concerns the possibility of
tampering with the meter to falsify the power usage
reports, i.e., theft of electrical power. improved
power distribution automation should facilitate
detection of some power diversions. some means of
assuring the integrity of the meter and its software
are needed.

communications privacy for electric power
communications traffic would be desirable to prevent
exposure of residence occupancy (to burglars) or
industrial power usage (to competitors).  at present
this does not seem a major concern. however, such
concerns are likely to grow over time, so that
eventually encryption of utility-customer
communications may be necessary.

communications reliability

electric utility operations place stringent demands on
the reliability of the communications systems. concern
over the reliability of public communications networks
has led some electric utilities to build private
communications networks. however, public
communications networks have been increasing their
connectivity (and thus reliability in the face of line
and switch failures).  hence, their have been
suggestions that commercial communications vendors may
be able to offer better (or more inexpensive)
reliability than private utility communications
networks. in any case, the ability to use public
networks in the event of utility communications
network failures would offer improved reliability.
such considerations argue in favor of the use of open
standard communications protocols which can operate
over public communications networks when expedient.

the most demanding utility communications applications
are those relating to active transmission systems
controls, e.g., flexible ac transmission systems
(facts), where remote solid-state switches must be
operated within a fraction of a cycle (less than 16
ms). this requires low-latency, high bandwidth, highly
reliable and highly secure communications network
facilities.  utilities have built their own
communications networks because of skepticism that
public networks would provide requisite response time,
bandwidth, reliability and security.

weather telemetry, forecasts

a major driver for electric power loads is the
weather, especially air temperature and humidity.
nearly all utilities in the continental united states
have summer peak loads caused by air conditioning
loads in response to hot, possibly humid weather. some
electric utilities have winter peaks that may be
induced by exceptionally cold weather. 

furthermore, as utilities come to rely more on solar
and wind power, detailed forecasting of insolation and
wind velocities become increasingly important.
customers who use solar heating (space, or hot water)
with electric utility grid backup may present weather
dependent loads.

thermal pollution regulations limit the allowable
temperatures in water bodies into which cooling water
is discharged. since this may constrain generator
operations, such water temperatures must therefore be
monitored. anticipated air pollutant levels may
dictate power dispatching rules favoring the use of
cleaner (natural gas vs. coal-fired) power plants.

finally, utilities need to know ambient air
temperatures to correctly model temperature behavior
of  transmission lines and limit power flows so as to
prevent overheating.

thus, utilities are increasingly concerned with
obtaining local weather forecasts. they may also care
about weather forecasts for neighboring,
inter-connected utilities if they participate in power
pools. hence, weather information and forecasts must
be acquired and integrated into the power dispatch
planning.

if one is using thermal storage (of either heat or
cold) in buildings to reduce peak power demands, then
the building energy management and control systems
will want to know weather forecasts. thus, if an
exceptionally hot day is anticipated, the building
emcs might cool the building further than normal the
night before, to lessen the peak cooling power
requirement. obviously, such strategies constrain the
tenant comfort tolerances on building air temperature.

finally, lighting detection and reporting networks are
important to utilities for outage detection and power
restoration. the epri-sponsored lightning detection
network could be ported to the nii.

research and development agenda

research, development, and demonstration projects will
(in many cases) be conducted by collaborations of
academic institutions, doe national laboratories,
vendors of power and building energy control systems,
utilities, and electrical equipment and appliance
manufacturers. this section addresses which of those
projects might be appropriate for federal government
funding, who are the appropriate players, and what
each of their roles should  be.

types of research

the following types of research will be needed to
support the evolution of nii applications for electric
power supply and demand:

    theoretical research on economic and regulatory
     policies and their impact (including wholesale
     power markets, transmission access and pricing,
     real-time pricing, distributed renewable power
     generation, energy storage), computational
     methods for economic dispatch of power, load
     analysis, unit commitment, power system security
     analysis, fault diagnosis, real-time control,
     etc.  much of this work could be conducted in
     academia.  institutions such as university of
     california berkeley, cornell, university of
     illinois, university of wisconsin, harvard, and
     others have established some expertise in this
     area.  some research also could be conducted in
     doe national laboratories.

    simulations, prototype software   construction of
     prototype software and simulations to evaluate
     various policies, control strategies, etc.
     simulations could help establish the feasibility



     of spinning reserve reductions via rapidly
     interruptible loads.  this work could be
     conducted in academia, doe national labs, or
     possibly by power control system vendors.

=07    testbed construction and large scale
     infrastructure design   potential role for
     bonneville power administration, western area
     power administration and the tennessee valley
     authority=20

=07    prototype development of improved electrical
     sensors, power control devices and ics=20

=07    standardization and prototype development of
     variable pricing electricity meters

=07    standardization and prototype development of
     intelligent appliance controllers

     demonstration projects: both technology
     demonstrations and market research
     demonstrations.  technology demonstration would
     demonstrate to utilities and their customers that
     the technology exists and works reliably. market
     research demonstrations would be used to
     establish price responses of peak power demands,
     to establish customer demand for
     priority-of-service, i.e., service reliability.=20
     demonstration projects would likely be conducted
     by consortia of national labs, power control
     system and equipment vendors, utilities, and
     utility customers.

commercial office building demonstrations

large commercial customers with existing emcss appear
to be attractive sites for demonstration projects.=20
these customers have sufficient economic incentives to
be interested, and they already have experience with
installation and operation of energy management and
control systems. the proposed trials may only involve
some additional communications equipment and software.
it is quite possible that computer systems upgrades
may be needed - still a relatively small expense. many
of these emcss have energy demand management features
which could be combined with real time pricing tariffs
and communications protocols.

attempts to demonstrate the economic viability of
augmented thermal storage must confront the
substantial equipment expense involved in adding
thermal storage facilities to buildings. hence, it is
advantageous to identify commercial buildings which
already have the augmented thermal storage facilities
for inclusion in demonstration projects.

the u.s. general services administration owns and
operates large numbers of commercial office buildings
in large cities throughout the united states.  it is
possible that they may be amenable to some of the
demonstration projects. it is also possible that doe
national laboratories, with large buildings, may be
candidate demonstration sites. many federally owned
buildings have emcss which could be adapted to energy
demand management and real-time pricing response.

measurement of long run price response

a key issue in assessing the potential impact and
establishing appropriate design parameters=20
for real-time load management is the estimation of
price responses for time-of-use and
priority-of-service (interruptible) services.
typical, short term demonstration projects will
generally only establish short run price responses,
i.e., those for which changes in electrical demand
which can be accomplished by rescheduling (or
curtailing) activities which generate power demands,
or through other steps which require minimal capital
investments.

however, many of the benefits to be obtained from
time-of-use or priority-of-service pricing may require
significant capital investments, e.g., thermal storage
facilities, very efficient appliances and hvac
equipment, smart controllers for buildings or
appliances  which shift loads to off-peak periods or
permit selective interruptibility, better building
insulation or thermal design, etc. furthermore, in
many cases the improved capital equipment such as
smart or very efficient appliances may not yet be
available at reasonable costs.  thus short term
demonstration experiments may seriously underestimate
long run price responses.=20

consider that the widespread adoption of two-tier tou
pricing of electricity in europe has led to the
widespread adoption of appliances (washers, dryers,
etc.) with setback timers, which are not available in
the united states.  europeans also have purchased
large numbers of front-loading washers (much more
energy and water efficient) which have only recently
become widely available for household use in the
united states.

thus, for the purpose of long run price response
estimation, it is important to offer power customers
the opportunity to install improved capital equipment
at the prices which are expected to exist upon mass
production. this would presumably require some sort of
subsidies for the design, development, and pilot
production of this equipment where it does not yet
exist. (doe's energy efficiency program supports both
r & d and standards development in this area.)=20
=46urthermore, most consumers only replace capital
equipment (appliances) upon failure, or moving
residences. thus, evidence of long run price response
of power demand due to acquisition of improved
appliances and air conditioning equipment is likely to
accumulate slowly as appliances and hvac equipment
fails and is replaced.
to accurately understand the long run price responses
due to changes in building designs, the proposed
pricing policies (and improved capital equipment)
would have to be available at the time of building
design, and equipment specification.

all of this suggests that experiments to accurately
estimate long run price responses will probably be
larger, more difficult and more expensive than simply
installing better telecommunications and metering
devices in a small number of households or buildings.

experimental design=20

the naive approach to estimating the impact of nii/rtp
on electricity demand is to select a residential
neighborhood, install the improved communications and
real-time pricing tariffs and compute the difference
between before and after peak and aggregate electric
consumption. national estimates are then obtained by
linear extrapolation to the entire population of
residences.

such an approach is prone to errors as we have seen
earlier (in the section on direct economic impacts).
=46irst, before and after measurements of demand can be
affected by confounding variables  such as the
weather, economic conditions, the adoption of more
efficient appliances, etc. two approaches exist to
control for such confounding effects. one way is to
estimate regression equations which incorporate the
effects of the confounding variables. separate
equations can be estimated for both conventional and
the experimental regimes. note that this requires that
the investigator specify the parametric form of the
dependence of demand on the confounding variables.=20

another alternative, which does not require parametric
models, is to use matched pair sampling of similar
pairs of residences, and then randomly assign one
residence of each pair to the experimental regime. the
effects of the experimental program can be estimated
from the differences between the matched pairs of
residences. such matched pairs sampling readily permit
us to remove the effects of weather, or universal
adoption of more efficient appliance technology.

extrapolation to the entire united states requires a
regression model for confounding variables, and
knowledge of their distribution over the entire united
states (e.g., by national samples). alternatively,
stratified samples of residences (e.g., on residence
type, size, age, household size and income, geographic
region) could be used and then linearly scaled to the
entire united states population. as we have seen,
extrapolating from a small homogeneous residential
neighborhood to the entire united states will not
produce accurate results. finally, in estimating the
impact on aggregate peak loads, one must account for
the covariance (or lack thereof) of peak electric
demands (e.g., due to weather) over a utility service
region.

similar considerations apply to estimation of the
impact of nii/rtp on commercial sector demand.  a
corollary of these concerns over experimental design
is that more detailed surveys of national residential
and commercial energy use will be required to
establish the basis for extrapolation.

estimation of long-run price responses

as noted earlier, estimation of long term price
responses for peak power demand is particularly
difficult, in part because it may require the
availability novel capital equipment at mass
production prices, and in part because capital
equipment decisions are usually made slowly, often
only made when existing equipment fails, consumers
move or remodel. thus effective demonstration projects
may require the provision of subsidized smart,
efficient appliances. this may be problematic both in
terms of cost, and the ability to provide a sufficient
selection of appliance models.

experiments in assessing long run price responses
might be conducted via conditional sampling -
enlisting the assistance of appliance vendors,
building and remodeling contractors in a city to
present consumers who were replacing appliances,
remodeling or building with the option to participate
in the experimental program by possibly purchasing
experimental appliances, etc., and obtaining
time-of-use, real-time, or service priority-based
electricity tariffs. given estimates of rates of
appliance replacement, remodeling, and construction,
the decisions of those subjects in the experiment
could be extrapolated to estimate aggregate long run
price responses. the advantage of such an approach is
that installation of communications and advanced
metering devices would only be required of those
households which were replacing some of their
appliances.

an alternative approach to estimating long run price
responses in the commercial and industrial sectors are
engineering economic analyses. the idea would be taken
to collect data on a sample of the commercial (and
perhaps industrial) building inventory   building
size, shape, orientation, hvac equipment, sensors,
control systems, thermostat settings, lighting
equipment and operations, weather patterns. given
putative price schedules (either tou or rtp), interest
rates, and (possibly) rental market demand forecasts,
one might then employ engineering models of equipment
and building performance to calculate alternative
heating/cooling schedules, or capital equipment
upgrades which would minimize the expected combined
energy and capital costs of operating the buildings.
with a properly designed sample, such calculations
could be extrapolated to the entire u.s. economy.=20
such computations assume that the building operators
are fully informed (about the costs of alternative
technologies) and rational. such assumptions are more
appropriate to the operators of large buildings than
individuals. even so, one must consider the impact of
rental/lease contracts in which responsibilities for
electric power costs and hvac and lighting equipment
diverge.=20

similar sorts of engineering economic analyses could
be used to attempt to forecast changes in the design
and equipment of new commercial construction. the
combined electric power demands of existing commercial
building inventories and projected new construction
could thus be used to construct aggregate power demand
estimates, and thus determine projected savings.

regulatory and standards issues to be addressed

=07    what regulatory policies and standards would be
     most effective in promoting the adoption of these
     technologies should they be undertaken? in power
     system regulatory policies? in communications,
     meter standards? in electrical and hvac equipment
     and appliance standards? in building codes and
     mortgage regulations? in software and
     communications standards? and in standardized
     power contracts?

=07    what organizations (public and private) are most
     appropriate and effective for the development of
     standards and regulatory policies? what role
     should various federal agencies (doe, epa, ferc,
     nsf, nist) play in this process: funding
     regulatory studies, writing draft legislation and
     standards, funding demonstration projects of
     proposed standards.

=07    how can electric utilities contribute to
     achieving universal telecommunications access? do
     electric utilities have adequate legal authority
     to build public telecommunications facilities?
     should they?

conclusions=20

improved information infrastructure together with
regulatory and pricing reforms will permit more
competitive and efficient markets for electric power,
improved capital utilization of electrical capital
equipment, energy conservation, and reduced operating
costs for electric utilities. the savings which will
accrue from energy sector applications of the nii
could make substantial contributions to the cost of
deploying the nii. electric utilities are potentially
major telecommunication vendors.

institutional regimes can be improved by funding
research in pricing, regulatory policy, and control
policies to support regulatory reform, and by
regulatory reform of pricing and access for electric
power generation, transmission, and distribution, and
(possibly) permitting electric utility marketing of
telecommunication services.

information infrastructure issues arise from the
increased demands for interoperability, security,
etc., generated by more competitive power markets and
more efficient pricing policies (e.g., variable
service level and real-time pricing). the federal
government can support research into the technical
issues.   it can also help to promote adoption of
suitable communications, database, and equipment
standards. such standards promotion could take the
form technical and financial support (e.g., via nist),
by use of federal procurements, national appliance
standards and building codes, or various subsidies to
encourage early adoption.

in addition to theoretical research and prototype
development and testing, federal assistance in the
funding, design, conduct and evaluation of substantial
demonstration projects would be useful to convince
utilities, appliance vendors, public utility
commissions, and consumers of the availability,
reliability, and economic utility of these
technologies. carefully designed studies of the
economic, energy, and environmental impacts of
demonstration projects are needed to support national
impact projections which will shape national
policymaking.

=46inally, one must anticipate that more competitive
power markets, real-time pricing, and role of electric
energy applications in underwriting the nii may have
some adverse impacts on income distribution,
differential accessibility of the nii in poorer
neighborhoods, and increased resistance and evasion by
electric utilities to environmental regulations.
compensatory government actions may be necessary.

endnotes

[1] these issues also are applicable to some other
energy industry operations, such as gas utilities.=20
they also have implications for us energy policy as
developed and implemented by the department of energy
(doe).  issues for the doe are addressed more directly
in part iii.

[2] the following discussion of economic benefits is
dapted from a paper by steven rivkin for the edison
electric institute (eei) which is based on the
experience of the entergy corp. trials.

references

=46lood, j., carmichael, l. vold, p., "automated
building control and real-time pricing: from inception
to results," proceedings of the epri innovative
pricing conference, feb. 1994

hogan, w., "contract networks for electric power
transmission," journal of regulatory economics, vol.
4, 1992, pp. 211-242.

oren, shmuel s., smith, stephan a., service
opportunities for electric utilities: creating
differentiated products, kluwer academic publishers
1993.

raji, reza s., "smart networks for control," ieee
spectrum, vol. 31, no. 6, june 1994, pp. 49-53.

rivkin, steven r., the power view system: two-way
communications for electric utility applications,
edison electric institute, 1994

tabors, r.d., "transmission system management and
pricing: new paradigms and international comparisons,"
ieee transactions on power systems, vol. 9, no. 4,
=46eb. 1994, pp. 206-214,=20

wacker, david a., the complete guide to home
automation, betterway books, 1993=0clast updated:  september 7, 1994



improving transportation: the national information infrastructure
and intelligent transportation systems


draft for public comment


     "it is the policy of the united states to develop a
     national intermodal transportation system that is
     economically efficient and environmentally sound,
     provides the foundation for the nation to compete in the
     global economy, and will move people and goods in an
     energy efficient manner.=20
    =20
     the national intermodal transportation system shall
     consist of all forms of transportation in a unified,
     interconnected manner, including the transportation
     systems of the future, to reduce energy consumption and
     air pollution while promoting economic development and
     supporting the nation's preeminent position in
     international commerce."

     intermodal surface transportation efficiency act of 1991


part i:   what is the application arena?

the u.s. transportation system is among the most extensive in the
world.  it is a massive enterprise that accounts for over 15
percent of the gross domestic product.  the physical
transportation system infrastructure is valued at $2.4 trillion
and includes nearly 6,437,200 kilometers (km) of highways and
roads; more than 402,325 km of rail and rapid transit lines;
305,767 km of petroleum pipelines; 41,842 km of navigable
waterways; and over 2,000 commercial airports, seaports, and
intermodal terminals.  this infrastructure is used by some 200
million cars, trucks, and buses; over a million trolleys,
locomotives, and passenger and freight railcars; some 35,000
commercial vessels, ferries, and barges; and 300,000 civil
aircraft (dot, 1994). =20

impressive as it is, the u.s. transportation system faces
significant challenges in serving the future mobility needs of
the nation that are closely linked to america's economic vitality
and competitiveness.  the competitive forces unleashed by
transportation deregulation over the past two decades, coupled
with tight fiscal constraints and growing environmental impact
awareness and sensitivity, have created strong incentives for
lean and efficient transportation rather than system expansion.=20
enhancing the performance of the existing transportation system
infrastructure increasingly is viewed as the preferred option,
and, at times, the only one when physical expansion is
impractical. =20

overlaying the existing transportation infrastructure with a
complementary information infrastructure could dramatically
improve transportation service, cost, safety, and efficiency,
while lessening adverse environmental impacts.  emerging
electronic information systems and communication technologies are
providing new ways for operators to improve transportation system
performance, and enabling travelers and shippers to make informed
transportation choices.  secretary of transportation federico
pe=a7a envisions a society infused with information systems that
will connect all modes of transportation into a cohesive system
and also link transportation as a vital part of the national
information infrastructure (nii).  (pe=a7a, 1994)

potential transportation applications of the nii have several
intrinsic distinctions.  often dispersed, "real-time" information
elements and potentially vast mobile user populations are
involved.  static information resources that characterize various
location, status, condition, capacity, safety, and performance
attributes of the nation's vast transportation enterprise
constitute extremely large data sets.  and last but not least,
safety critical command-and-control applications, such as in air
traffic control must be ultra reliable and secure to be
trustworthy. =20

national and public benefits

the majority of national and public benefits of transportation
applications of the nii will be manifested in terms of safety and
efficiency. future transportation visions foresee a host of
potential applications for the emerging nii that could provide
vastly enhanced access to vital information when and where it is
needed to support informed choices. =20

u.s. transportation systems lead the world in terms of safety.=20
yet transportation remains a significant health hazard,
especially for young adults and children.  each year, more than
40,000 persons are fatally injured and another 5 million suffer
lesser injuries in traffic accidents, at an additional annual
cost of $70 billion to the nation's economy.  nearly $15 billion
is spent annually on health care related to transportation
accidents.  (dot, 1994)

congestion plagues the transportation system, particularly in
urban areas and along major intercity traffic corridors.  seventy
percent of urban freeways are severely congested during rush
hours; 23 major airports experience over 20,000 hours of flight
delay each year; and both passenger and freight trains are coping
with excessive demand.  the annual cost of congestion to the
nation in lost productivity alone is over $100 billion, exclusive
of the costs of wasted fuel and environmental damage.  beyond its
direct impact on regional economic activities, congestion also
limits opportunities for u.s. industries to access and serve
national and international markets. (dot, 1994)

nii applications are envisioned that could significantly enhance
transportation efficiency; particularly for public transit,
intercity rail, and commercial motor carriers and airline
services. collectively, these reflect a trend toward an
"intelligent" transportation system.

an "intelligent" transportation system is one that provides the
information needed to enable informed decisions by transportation
planners, managers, users, and operators alike.  it is one in
which system operators and users share information and cooperate
to enhance system performance, efficiency, capability, and user
satisfaction.  it is one in which mobility is enhanced by
information systems that help make affordable transportation
accessible to all americans, especially the elderly and the
mobility impaired.  it is one that provides efficient
transportation of people and goods, with the attendant
environmental and energy conservation benefits. =20

envisioned "intelligent" transportation system innovations
include:

=07 traffic management systems that monitor traffic situations,



  detect incidents, meter traffic flows, and issue "travel-cast"
  information based on actual conditions rather than on
  forecasts based on static schedules and/or historical
  patterns.
    =20
=07 traveler information systems linked to multiple information
  sources (tv, radio, personal computers, information kiosks,
  telephones, hand-held devices, and others) that provide
  information needed to make informed choices about whether to
  travel, when to go, and traffic and weather status
  information, as well as transportation alternatives, terminals
  and access points, schedules, costs, and timetables.
    =20
=0c=07 fleet management information systems that enable motor
  freight, emergency vehicle, public transit, airlines, maritime
  operators, and hazardous material transporters to continuously
  track, monitor status, and communicate with mobile fleets as
  needed to provide responsive customer services.
    =20
=07 on-board electronic navigation and guidance devices that can
  receive radionavigation signals and supplemental information
  needed to determine efficient routes, safeguard against
  vehicle collisions, and assist in guiding vehicles along
  intended pathways or trajectories.  =20
    =20
in addition to real-time data for operational decisions,
"intelligent" transportation systems will provide information
needed to facilitate and enhance strategic policy decisions.  a
new generation of "smart" infrastructure that can monitor traffic
volumes, loads, accidents, and physical conditions is assumed.=20
examples of systems include those that provide information to: =20

=07 enable safety officials to sort through massive databases and
  spot safety risks or incipient hazards.
    =20
=07 enable transportation decision makers to effectively plan
  long-range transportation system infrastructure improvements
  and to formulate sound transportation policies. =20
    =20
=07 implement various management systems to track and improve
  public sector pavement, bridge, safety, congestion, public
  transit, and intermodal system performance. =20
    =20
as discussed elsewhere in this document, telecommuting is a
growing trend that holds significant implications for
transportation.  although addressed in another application paper,
the potential for telecommuting to impact future travel patterns
and traffic conditions is acknowledged.  as is the ability of
intelligent transportation systems to enable workers to choose
whether to venture to the office or to telecommute from home on
particular days. =20

public and private roles

transportation in the united states involves both public sector
and private industry participants.  with some exceptions, the
public sector provides transportation infrastructure, whereas
private parties control the production and operation of vehicles
and transportation services.  exceptions include public transit
operations, which have shifted predominantly to the public
domain, and railroads and pipelines, which have a tradition of
private ownership and operation. =20

developing and deploying nii transportation applications will
entail unprecedented levels of cooperation among public sector
agencies and private organizations.  the federal government has
an important, but not the only, role to play.  it will be
necessary to achieve the cooperation of transportation system
users:  federal, state, and local government agencies; research
and academic institutions; and private sector transportation
providers. =20

the u.s. department of transportation (dot) is committed to
providing national leadership in developing transportation
applications of the nii.  it plans to work with other federal
agencies and other public and private stakeholders to achieve
consensus on a national system framework for "intelligent"
transportation systems.  it will foster unifying system standards
to ensure compatibility and appropriate interfaces among
transportation applications and with other nii applications. the
dot also intends to fund research, development, demonstrations,
field operational tests, and deployments of ivhs and other
information and communications applications of the nii.  (dot,
1992)

the federal effort is to be complemented by state and local
government efforts to assess needs and plan implementation
strategies, and by private sector initiatives to identify and
pursue commercial opportunities.  the market opportunities
associated with various emerging intelligent transportation
systems will be upwards of $200 billion through 2011, based
solely on private (85%) and public sector (15%) expenditures for
highway and transit applications.  (ivhs america, 1992)

part ii: where are we now?

currently, the transportation information infrastructure varies
widely.  aviation information systems are at the forefront of
modern technology, yet in comparison other forms of
transportation lag behind. =20

united states aviation information and communication technology
is unsurpassed.  air traffic is continuously monitored and
traffic situation and weather condition information is provided
to aviators before they take-off, during flight, and as they
land.  flight plans and status are filed and amended
electronically.  composite air traffic situation information is
generated by the faa and shared with airlines on a minute-to-
minute basis.  flight arrival and departure information is
readily available via various communications channels.  u.s.
airline computer reservation and scheduling systems are legendary
in terms of size, complexity, and effectiveness as marketing
weapons. =20

the advantages of advanced information technologies recently have
begun to be actively sought in other transportation domains, most
notably by overnight delivery services which are able to inform
shippers and receivers as to where shipments are and when
deliveries have been made.  as in overnight package delivery,
traditional motor, rail, and marine freight companies are
applying information and communication technologies to enhance
transportation operations and to provide customers with
information about the status of shipments in transit.  intermodal
shipping companies also are developing information technology to
afford customers with unified marine, rail, and truck shipment
tracking services to complement the "just-in-time" logistics
requirements associated with "lean  manufacturing" in which
information on materiel in transit is used to minimize on-site
inventories. =20

however, surface transportation information infrastructure within
the public domain is sparse and often dated.  federal cutbacks in
transportation research and development in the 1980's, coupled
with priority needs to maintain and rehabilitate existing
facilities, resulted in few noticeable advances during that
period.  euro-pean and japanese advanced vehicle and highway
systems initiatives begun during the late 1980's served to
rekindle public and private u.s. interest in advanced surface
transportation systems. =20

with few exceptions highway travelers and public transit users
have limited access to current information about travel options,
costs, schedule / travel time, and traffic conditions. knowledge
is gained through static signs and schedules, radio broadcasts,
citizens band radio chatter, and through encounters with travel
delays and missed connections due to various conditions, often
known to authorities yet not publicly communicated.  notably, the
growth of mobile cellular telephony has given rise to rapid
detection and reporting of traffic incidents by motorists or
others at the scene, yet outlets for dispensing this information
are relatively unchanged. =20

=46ederal goals

under the leadership of secretary federico pe=a7a the dot has
established a number of strategic goals to accelerate innovative
transportation applications of advanced information and
communication technologies. the overall vision is for greater
situational awareness among transportation system users regarding
travel conditions and options, both before and while traveling.=20
the vision also includes the ability to communicate with
vehicles, people and goods anywhere within the transportation
system, leading to enhanced productivity and user satisfaction. =
=20

strategic dot goals and objectives include:

=07 accelerating applications research and development.  in
  addition to sustaining world leadership in aviation-related
  information technologies, applications of information systems
  and communications technology in surface transportation are
  being accelerated through the intelligent vehicle-highway
  systems (ivhs) program.

=07 fostering compatibility and interoperability. a systems
  architecture framework is being developed for ivhs, including
  applicable linkages to aviation, marine, and pipeline
  applications, as well as the overall nii. =20

=07 establishing transportation-specific nii components.  the dot
  is working with other agencies and user groups to address the
  particular information and communications needs of
  transportation applications.  efforts are underway to
  determine suitable means for augmenting the accuracy and
  integrity of gps (global positioning system) radio-navigation
  services.  a radio spectrum allocation has been obtained for
  ivhs purposes. =20

=07 establishing navigation and positioning services.  the dot is
  working with other federal agencies and user groups to
  encourage widespread use of the global positioning service
  (gps).  for applications requiring additional accuracy or
  integrity (i.e., validation signals), gps augmentation systems
  are being advanced by the u.s. coast guard and the federal
  aviation administration (faa).  augmented gps services are
  planned for the mid-1990's.  =20

=07 conducting field trials, and technology demonstrations.  as a
  part of its renewed research and technology emphasis, the dot
  is actively sponsoring field trials and technology
  demonstrations in operational settings.  from aviation weather
  information systems to harbor traffic management systems to
  highway safety and warning systems to public transit
  information kiosks, dot agencies are seeking out new and
  improved ways to provide safe and efficient transportation
  services. =20

=07 stimulating private initiatives.  in partnership with the
  advanced research projects agency, nasa, the national science
  foundation, the department of commerce, and the department of
  energy, the dot is participating in the technology
  reinvestment project (trp). likewise, dot is collaborating
  with the department of commerce in its advanced technology
  program.


  four transportation related projects have been awarded within
  the trp information infrastructure focus area.  these focus
  on: automated train control, computer vision for toll
  enforcement, wireless sensors, and communications systems for
  mobile applications. =20
    =20
  the atp program has funded projects to advance foundational
  technologies needed for transportation applications.  these
  include projects in:  fiber-optic computer communications,
  flat panel displays, digital video and image processing
  technologies, wireless communications, "talk-touch-type" user
  interfaces, and autonomous vehicle navigation. =20
    =20
national science and technology council

through the information infrastructure for transportation
subcommittee of the national science and technology council
interagency coordinating committee on transportation r&d, the dot
is promoting the coordination of transportation-related research
throughout the federal government.  in its initial april 1994
report the interagency coordinating committee determined that
there is a pressing need for r&d leading to an information
infrastructure that overlays the transportation infrastructure.
the committee, and the dot, believe that overlaying the
transportation infrastructure with a information infrastructure
may hold greater promise for improving safety, capacity, and
efficiency than reconstruction or renewal of physical facilities
and infrastructure.  top priorities identified in the committee
report are:

=07 transportation applications of advanced information,
  communication, and navigation technologies.
 =20
=07 intelligent vehicle highway system (ivhs) technologies and
    services.=0c
=07 next-generation air traffic control.
    =20
=07 improved weather forecasting and reporting.
    =20
the dot is providing technical leadership and guidance to ensure
national compatibility among transportation applications of the
nii.   it also is working with other federal agencies, such as
the national telecommunications and information administration
(ntia) and the federal communications commission (fcc), to ensure
suitable spectrum allocations and frequencies are available for
transportation applications, nationwide. =20
 =20
status of nii applications

transportation applications of the nii abound. opportunities for
intelligent transportation systems are especially attractive.=20
these involve the use of information technologies to sense
current traffic conditions, spot incidents, and provide
transportation system operators and users with information needed
to act responsibly given prevailing circumstances.  a number of
such applications are outlined below.

intelligent vehicle highway systems (ivhs)

ivhs apply information and communication technologies to surface
transportation needs. the ivhs program focuses on developing and
deploying user services that are defined based on the benefits
that users will receive.  various user services are intended to
improve safety, enhance mobility, and reduce environmental
impacts.  ivhs concepts for creating safer, better informed
travelers include the following:

=07 pre-trip travel information systems that will allow travelers
  to access and choose from available transportation options.=20
  advanced traveler information systems will provide information
  on public transit routes and schedules, traffic conditions,
  and weather information to people at home, work, and other
  sites where trips originate.  with such information, travelers
  can select the best departure time, transportation mode, and
  route.
    =20
=07 en-route information services that provide driver advisories
  about traffic conditions, accidents, and weather conditions.=20
  these include in-vehicle signing systems that will provide
  drivers with information similar to that provided by roadside
  signs today.
    =20
=07 route guidance, navigation and information systems that
  provide simple instructions on how to reach  desired
  destinations and/or traveler services along the way.
    =20
=07 traveler services information systems that provide information
  on travel services and facilities such as the location,
  operating hours, and availability of lodging, food, fuel,
  parking, motor vehicle repair, towing, medical, and emergency
  services. =20
    =20
=07 ride-matching and reservation information services that
  provide real-time ride-matching information to users in their
  homes, offices, or other locations. =20
    =20
=07 incident management information systems that enables officials
  to quickly identify and respond to traffic incidents to
  minimize any associated congestion and delay. =20
    =20
=07 fleet management systems that provide two-way mobile
  communication between vehicles and dispatch centers, enabling
  the status of a vehicle, its cargo, and its operator to be
  monitored remotely.
    =20
=07 electronic credentials that permit motor carriers to purchase
  annual or temporary operating credentials via computer link,
  eliminating burdensome paperwork and reducing processing time
  for states and trucking firms alike.
    =20
about 60 cooperative field tests of ivhs services are being
planned or conducted in various parts of the country.  field test
proposals are solicited by the federal highway administration
(fhwa) on behalf of participating dot agencies.  several
illustrative examples are outlined below, along with a
complementary effort that has arisen outside of the federal ivhs
program. a list of field tests is published annually. (dot, march
1994). =20
    =20
=07 travetek was an initial project sponsored by the fhwa.=20
  through the cooperation of the city of orlando, the florida
  department of transportation, general motors, the american
  automobile association, fhwa, and the national highway traffic
  safety administration, people living in or visiting the
  orlando area had the opportunity to rent cars equipped to
  provide information on routing, traffic conditions, and
  hotels, restaurants and other travel destinations in the area.=
=20
 =20
=07 in boston, a smart traveler field test was undertaken to
  assess public acceptance and the potential impacts of
  providing current information on highway and transit travel
  conditions via telephone.  through the cooperative efforts of
  the fhwa, the massachusetts highway department and local radio
  and television stations which helped promote public awareness
  of the trial service, smartroute systems was able to
  demonstrate an ability to influence traveler decisions through
  its innovative audiotext system that provides up-to-the-minute
  information on specific travel routes.  the 1993 test generated
  a 97% user satisfaction rating and was extended for further
  evaluation.  smart traveler can be accessed by calling (617)
  374-1234. =20
    =20
=07 the "advantage i-75" field test provides a testbed for
  commercial vehicle operations technologies that can increase
  efficiency and improve safety.  trucks equipped with
  transponders can use electronic credentials to travel on any
  segment along the 3,540 km length of the interstate 75 ontario
  to florida corridor at mainline speeds, with no more than one
  stop at any truck weight or regulatory enforcement station
  along the way. =20

=07 separate from the federal ivhs program, maxwell laboratories
  and the california department of transportation (caltrans)
  have teamed to provide the public an opportunity to access
  real-time traffic information via the internet world wide web.=
=20
  up-to-the-minute freeway speeds, accident reports and
  construction closures are provided both as a graphical display
  superimposed on a san diego freeway map and as a text listing.=
=20
  the display depicts decreasing congestion severity in red,
  yellow, and green.  instructions are available via
  internetmail request at: traffic_info@scubed.com. (s-cubed,
  1994)
=20
advanced public transportation systems

public transit networks have the potential to benefit greatly
from the use of information technologies.  as part of the dot
ivhs initiative, the federal transit administration seeks to
improve public transportation through the use of advanced
information systems and communications technology.  application
concepts include: =20

=07 smart vehicle technology that integrates vehicle-based systems
  to improve fleet planning, scheduling, and operations.  by
  using real-time information collected from automatic vehicle
  location (avl), toll collection, passenger counting, load
  sensing, and on-board vehicle diagnostic sensors linked to a
  control center via communications systems, smart vehicles will
  be able to provide accurate, real-time vehicle information to
  both operations personnel and customers.  field tests are
  currently under way at baltimore, portland, denver, and dallas
  using vehicle location technologies.
    =20
=07 smart traveler technology for providing travel information to
  customers before they make their travel decisions.  smart
  traveler technology will provide real-time travel information
  through the use of technologies such as smart cards, digital
  maps, information kiosks, microcomputers, cable television, and
  audiotext systems. with access to information on traffic
  congestion, route scheduling, and mode availability, customers
  will be better able to choose travel situations best suited to
  their needs.  field tests are under way in texas, washington,
  california, minnesota, north carolina, and virginia to evaluate
  the use of traveler information systems.

=07 smart intermodal systems for creating a virtual intermodal
  transportation system by linking different transportation
  modes into an integrated information network.  by sharing
  traffic, scheduling, fare, and payment data, independent
  agencies can coordinate and integrate their systems to create
  an overall transportation information management system.=20
  customers can then use this system to conveniently access
  travel information from one central source. field operational
  tests are being conducted in michigan, illinois, and
  california to assess the use of integrated information systems
  such as central travel information and computer-assisted fleet
  dispatch and control.  =20
    =20
national airspace applications

air traffic management has evolved over more than half a century
and represents the enabling infrastructure for today's air
commerce.  as the next century nears, there are significant
advancements being implemented based on the viability of advanced
technologies for information processing, communications, and
navigation to a large extent enabled by satellites.  applications
of information technologies that are foreseen for aviation
include:

=07 a significant increase in "direct" flight paths, enabled by
  wide area surveillance with automated conflict resolution. =20
    =20
=07 new approaches to the collection and fusion of weather data
  from many sources, including widely dispersed surface-based
  and mobile sensors on-board aircraft.
    =20
=07 timely transmission of enhanced weather information to
  traffic control centers and to pilots in the cockpit. =20
    =20
=07 improved processing and distribution of flight arrival and
  departure data when flights are delayed due to weather or
  other factors.  the availability of this data will aid
  travelers in coping with delays. =20
    =20
=07 access to regulatory information, including graphical data,
  could be facilitated through the nii.  a safe, fast, and
  efficient aviation system is due in part to the existence of
  and adherence to a vast set of operating regulations.=20
  increasingly, these are being made available in electronic
  form to foster user awareness and compliance. =20
    =20
=07 a national capability for transmitting data on aircraft
  conditions, maintenance needs, and problems to awaiting
  ground crews is anticipated. =20
    =20
waterways management

waterways management, including marine navigation and vessel
traffic services, is a potential nii application area.  these
services will require an information system architecture that
supports highly reliable, real-time, wireless communications.=20



many opportunities exist:  

 a wealth of user information resides in shore-side databases
  that can be made available to the public.  notices to
  mariners, electronic charts and their updates, weather,
  currents, hazards, and situational displays all would benefit
  from an on-demand capability.
     
 for vessel traffic services, the maritime counterpart to air
  traffic control, the nii can provide standardized interfaces
  and transmission protocols for common use by international and
  domestic marine carriers. users must view such nii interfaces
  as an unobtrusive service for managing maritime traffic in all
  weather conditions.  
     
 vessel traffic services can effectively reduce ship
  collisions, rammings, and groundings in high-density harbors
  through automated, continuous position reports, with return
  data communications to the vessel bridge.  current voice
  capabilities are inadequate.  verification of required vessel
  operating equipment for port entry can be performed
  automatically and forwarded to all other possible ports of
  entry, thereby significantly enhancing port safety.

 sea lanes can be monitored by automated surveillance from
  satellite-based position reports.  currently, vessels have no
  knowledge of the position of other vessels on the high seas
  until radar contact is made.
     
other marine potential applications of the nii include:

 an improved capability for coordinating the emergency response
  to a marine disaster by having current information on the
  nature of the spill and available response resources.  oil
  spill response can greatly benefit from an improved, real-time
  data system capability.  
     
 united states coast guard command-and-control across all its
  mission areas would be facilitated by a highly reliable
  information architecture that provides interoperability among
  coast guard and other government assets.  security and
  integrity of the information must be preserved to eliminate
  unfriendly threats aimed at disrupting or infiltrating the
  information process.
     
 enhanced search and rescue missions based on automated,
  continuous, identified position reports from ships on the high
  seas.  this would ensure the consistency and reliability of
  voluntary location reports that now are transmitted
  sporadically via voice communications.

advanced train control systems

recent train collisions have put a spotlight on technologies that
provide positive train separation.  the national transportation
safety board believes automated train control systems could avert
some of the 200 deadly train collisions each year.  (washington
post, 1994)

today, train control is provided to varying degrees by the
individual railroads; there is no national-level train control
similar to aviation's air traffic control.  throughout much of
the u.s. trains operate "in the dark."  train status information
is usually only available through radio communications between
train operators and central control.
over the past several years, the rail industry has pursued
advanced train control systems (atcs) that apply digital radio
techniques, automated location systems, vehicle sensor systems,
and automated control processors to the integrated, centralized
control of rail operations.  using satellites or ground
navigation and communications to locate trains with extreme
precision, dispatchers can control train movement and speed to
ensure adequate train separation.  

atcs could benefit railroad transportation in a number of ways. 
illustrative benefits are:

 increased safety, by providing warnings of oncoming trains on
  the track.
     
 enhanced productivity, by increasing rail system throughput
  without the need for massive infrastructure investment.
     
 improved train performance and reduced cycle-time and
  maintenance costs.
     
 elimination of thousands of miles of expensive tower
  signaling, wiring, and telephones by replacement with radio
  data links to rail traffic control centers.  
     
despite these benefits, high costs have hindered the application
of atcs technologies. before making the decision to invest,
railcarriers are now testing atcs feasibility and evaluating
costs.   

under trp program, the san francisco bay area rapid transit
district (bart) and a regional technology alliance, made up of
hughes aircraft and morrison-knudsen, will demonstrate an
advanced radio-based control system for mass transit trains.  the
dot federal transit administration (fta), along with the research
and special programs administration's (rspa) volpe center will
oversee the $39 million program to apply military tracking and
communications technology for reducing rail transit headways,
increasing capacity and safety, and lowering costs.

intermodal transportation

an important application of information technologies is to
facilitate seamless intermodal movement of passengers and goods
throughout the total transportation system encompassing highway,
rail, air, and waterway networks.  key information technologies
for intermodal transportation include:

 smart card electronic payment.  smart cards provide a common
  electronic payment medium that can be used for all modes and
  functions such as parking fees, tolls, fares, or congestion
  pricing.  

 electronic data interchange (edi).  edi standards enable
  information and data transfers between computer systems used
  by transportation providers.  intermodal applications of edi
  include invoicing and bills of lading, shipping and order
  taking, electronic load tendering, and personnel assignment. 
     
 automated equipment identification (aei). aei involves the
  use of transponders and tags to identify transportation
  equipment (railcars, trailers, containers), which can be
  conveyed electronically to rail carriers, truckers,
  intermodal marketing agents, shippers, and other parties
  involved in intermodal activities such as automated customs
  clearance.
 
 automated cargo tracking.  leading firms in the package
  freight industry are fully automated, such that customers
  can order pick-ups, produce bar-coded labels, and track
  progress from their own facilities. for instance, federal
  express powership  cargo tracking system software, enables
  customers to obtain status updates on their shipments via
  computer link. 

 fuel management systems.  these monitor fuel consumption and
  inventories and conduct daily reconciliations that can
  signal leaks in fuel storage systems or excessive vehicle
  fuel consumption.  

presently, the seven largest ocean carriers are working toward a
common system that can be used to expedite interline and
intermodal transfers.  similarly, railroads are pursuing edi and
related technologies that can enable electronic exchange of
shipment and billing information among some 500 railroads in the
united states and corresponding groups of railroads in canada and
mexico.  

transportation security

cargo theft is estimated by the national cargo security council
to cost $10 billion per year. today, information developed on
cargo theft around the country is collected and retained locally. 
despite huge losses, there is no nationwide system for reporting
cargo theft and sharing information among law enforcement
agencies and industry.  

new tracking and surveillance technologies can also be used for
the security of the traveling public.  a tiny alerting device can
be given a person entering a large parking lot with which he or
she can instantly alert a mobile security vehicle of a problem. 
technology is being developed by industry that will enable the
alerting device to be "pinpointed," a video camera targeted to
photograph the scene, and near-by security forces to be alerted
to the situation.  advanced security technologies can be applied
to ensure the safety and security of public transportation
patrons as well.

defense transportation and logistics

closely linked to civilian transportation uses of the nii are
many current and planned defense transportation and logistics
applications.  a recent study postulated the structure of a 21st-
century transportation and logistics information infrastructure
for the military, as part of an overall defense information
infrastructure (dii). 

a compelling desire of the military is to make efficient use of
scarce transportation assets. to be effective, the military must
operate efficiently in peacetime, yet be able to expand its
peacetime transportation and logistics capabilities to meet a
variety of possible crisis levels.  thus, the military relies
extensively on commercial transportation systems in times of
peace and crisis.  to do so, it must be able to command-and-
control both its military and commercial transportation assets in
a unified manner.  this requires information on the status and
capacity of military and commercial transportation assets.  

the defense transportation community and the dot are working
together with the commercial transportation industry to address
military transportation applications of the nii. the dot volpe
national transportation systems center is the executive agent for
the national defense transportation association's technology
committee that is to facilitate unified in-transit visibility
capabilities, information systems interfaces and advanced
transportation systems technology concepts.

as envisioned, the dii will improve current military
transportation and logistics.  it also will make possible new
functions that currently are so difficult, expensive, or time-
consuming, they remain virtually nonexistent.  examples include:

 faster deployment planning, using up-to-date movement
  requirements and transport availability data.  the presence of
  weather and geographical data servers within the dii will
  enable the generation of realistic plans.
     
 the ability to track transportation assets, troops and cargo
  worldwide.  satellite navigation and communication technology
  is making global "in-transit-visibility" a reality for an
  increasing portion of the military and civilian transport
  fleets.
     
 on-line access to information, such as weather, geographical
  charts, political status, and worldwide location of u.s. and
  allied transportation and logistics assets.
     
transportation information resources 

transportation information used for policy analysis, planning,
and business management constitutes a significant and important
body of data.  the mission of the recently established  dot
bureau of transportation statistics (bts) is to ensure that
information for making informed transportation decisions is
gathered, processed, and made publicly available. 

these information resources are essential for making decisions on
a variety of topics ranging from infrastructure investments to
safety regulations.  moreover, these resources are vital to the
private industries that manufacture vehicles, build
infrastructure, and market transportation services.  both the
private and public sectors are moving rapidly to collect, store,
and communicate "static" transportation information in digital
form not only to reduce costs, but to improve the quality of data
needed for decisions.

a significant amount of the information used by metropolitan
planning organizations, port authorities, transit agencies, and
state transportation planners is derived locally and not widely
disseminated.  however, the dot works closely with the private
sector and with state and local governments, and is a provider,
as well as a user, of transportation information.  

the bts has a program to evaluate the state of transportation
statistics and to identify improvements needed to the underlying
data and methods.  the bts maintains the directory of data
sources and annually publishes transportation statistics. these
include descriptions of data acquired by dot agencies and
priority areas needing bts attention.  many bts information
resources are available on cd-rom disks.  

some of the major purposes, types of data, most frequent users,
and examples of current information-handling methods are
described below.

infrastructure investment planning

 highway and transit programs require extensive planning and
  coordination.  the federal highway administration maintains
  over 30 databases on highway inventory, conditions, and
  performance.  basic performance data from a number of these is
  essential for developing highway and transit improvement
  programs, and, for most metropolitan areas, air quality and
  congestion constraints are adding considerably to the
  information needed. programs and data to support decisions at
  the local level are not likely to emerge from commercial
  software firms; thus, progress may depend on federal support. 

 the national aviation system is operated by the faa, by
  airports, and by the airlines and aviation service companies. 
  both public and private property-owners are highly dependent
  on about 40 aviation activity databases maintained by the faa
  with inputs from its own data systems as well as from airports
  and airlines.  air travel route and growth patterns have had a
  significant impact on runway additions, hub terminals and
  maintenance facility investments, and airways services.  
     
 rail system modernization is slightly less dependent on public
  statistics because the infrastructure is largely owned by the
  railroads.  however, the need for better and more up-to-date
  statistics on the national rail system and commodity flows has
  increased as the railroads adapt to provide intermodal
  services.  the federal railroad administration (fra) plans to
  create a geographic information systems that documents
  characteristics of the national railroad infrastructure.
     
 port and intermodal transfer facility developments are funded
  both by port authorities and tenant ocean carrier and
  intermodal companies, as well as a wide variety of freight
  consolidators and other private firms that serve international
  trade. the maritime administration (marad) maintains databases
  on merchant ships, commerce, port capabilities, intermodal
  equipment, and government shipments. this information consists
  of data collected by the u.s. army corps of engineers, the
  census bureau, and marad itself. 

safety and security

facility and equipment safety certifications and regulations are
prepared by most u.s. dot agencies.  data collected or furnished
to the department is used internally for analysis of potential
regulations.  data that is not proprietary or would not
compromise security interests is made available for further
analysis to aircraft and automobile manufacturers, safety
inspectors, law enforcement agencies, carriers, and the general
public.  
     
various dot agencies maintain over 50 safety-related and
security-related databases, covering aviation, rail, transit,
highway, pipeline, and marine transportation, and the
transportation of hazardous materials.  for example:  
     
 the federal aviation administration (faa) distributes safety
  and security information to airports, flight service
  stations, medical examiners, pilots, and aircraft owners
  using electronic bulletin boards, local-  and wide-area
  networks, dial-up and dedicated lines, electronic mail, and
  printed materials.  although much of this information is
  already in electronic form, the nii offers the potential to
  provide more people with ready access to safety critical
  information.  
     
 the federal railroad administration (fra) is researching
  ways to automate track structure surveys used for safety and
  maintenance planning purposes.  these automated methods
  would improve safety by detecting imminent hazards, while
  facilitating more efficient planning of railroad maintenance
  activities.
     
 the national highway traffic safety administration (nhtsa)
  maintains 11 data-bases containing over 6 million new
  records each year.  text, data, and video information on
  crash test results and motor vehicle safety could be
  provided to researchers, the motor vehicle industry,
  educational institutions, and the public.  in the long term,
  the nhtsa plans to form working relationships with
  researchers and industry and to establish data links with
  law enforcement and other public safety agencies.  
      
enterprise management information

 market analysis and planning is the key to survival in
  transportation industries.  a large share of information
  processing is devoted to data collection and modeling.
  census data and dot statistics are important sources for
  estimating market opportunities and providing consumers
  information.  the dot research and special programs
  administration's office of aviation information, for
  instance, publishes data on air travel between major cities,
  as well as "on-time" performance results often referenced in
  commercial airline advertisements.  
   
 fleet and freight management systems rely on current
  inventories of rolling stock, containers, and handling
  equipment, including location, age, condition, and
  maintenance data.  railroads and motor carriers are
  developing systems to increase transportation asset
  utilization rates. airlines maintain and report detailed
  information on aircraft condition and use it in maintenance
  management practices and to support airworthiness
  certification. and, in virtually every industry segment,
  inventory management is becoming highly automated and
  dependent on nationwide and global communications. 
     
 human resources management systems vary in sophistication
  between small trucking firms and large international
  airlines.  one common characteristic of the transportation
  industry, however, is that its employees are highly mobile. 
  as with their airplanes, railcars, and tractors, it is
  important for carriers to know the location and status of
  their people.  safety rules on operator rest periods impose
  data and communications requirements on these human
  resources management systems, which could be served through
  the nii.

part iii: where do we want to be?

the united states has one of the most efficient and effective
transportation systems in the world. but improvements are
possible in a number of areas.  for example, there are some
sectors of society the elderly, the poor, the disabled, those
living in remote rural areas and in inner cities that do not have
access to the same range and selection of transportation options
as do others.  fortunately, there is reason for optimism that
this and other issues can be addressed through new applications
of information technologies.

long-term goals 

for the long-term future, dot envisions a smarter, faster, safer,
and more accessible transportation system functioning as a truly
integrated, intermodal service covering air, water, road, rail,
and transit.  such a system would benefit the productivity and
efficiency of the nation's economy and help to mitigate
transportation's energy and environmental impacts.  among the
specific goals for the transportation system of the future are:

improved safety

 fewer accidents and collisions by transportation vehicles.

 far fewer deaths and injuries as a result of transportation 
  activities.

 faster response time by law enforcement, medical, fire, and
  rescue services to accidents and other emergency situations.
     
 enhanced security for passengers and goods.

increased efficiency

   reduced incidence and economic cost of traffic congestion. expanded
capacity of the existing transportation
  infrastructure through cost-effective improvements.

 fewer delays caused by congestion or the lack of effective
  intermodal transfer services.
     
 more cost-effective technological advances and investments
  in transportation infrastructure, vehicles and support
  services.

energy and environmental mitigation

 reduced energy consumption per unit of travel through greater
  efficiency and by avoiding waste.
     
 reduced emissions into the atmosphere, water, and land per
  unit of travel.
     
 limited disruption of existing communities and land-use
  patterns.  
     
 safer movements of hazardous materials and other commodities
  that pose a threat to public health or the environment.
     
enhanced productivity

 an improved intermodal transportation system that ties america
  together.
     
 lower cost transportation and logistics services.
     
 development and growth of american companies, particularly
  defense-related companies, engaged in transportation research,
  manufacturing, and services.
     
 more competitive american exports through lower transportation
  costs and improved delivery.
     
expanded mobility

 improved mobility for americans with disabilities.
     
 better information, both in terms of quality and quantity, for
  travelers and shippers.  
  more transportation options for passenger travel and freight
  shipments.
     
 greater availability of transportation services to under-
  served areas.
     
short-term goals 

accomplishing these long-term goals depends on reaching first a
number of short-term milestones:  

 establishing a consensus on the roles and responsibilities of
  participants in the transportation system local, state, and
  federal government organizations; private sector
  transportation providers; and transportation users.  
     
 creating an environment in which all groups and individuals
  can participate, including new cooperative ventures to manage
  portions of the transportation system.
     
 reaching acceptable compromises in balancing efficiency,
  mobility, safety, health, and environmental consequences.
 
 agreeing upon a unified overall system architecture with
  uniform standards, procedures, and protocols for system
  development, implementation, operation, and maintenance. 

part iv:  how are we going to get there?

the future of intelligent transportation systems has yet to come
into full view.  it is a future that will be influenced by
government efforts to establish an institutional and regulatory
environment that is conducive to innovation. but the future will
be most substantially determined by transportation system
operators and users and their acceptance and willingness to pay
for enhanced information services.  

several key questions and issues are subject to debate before
ultimate policy decisions can be reached.  your comments and
suggestions are a welcome and important part of the process.
please provide any opinions you have to offer on the nii and its



potential application in the intelligent transportation systems.=
=20


questions and issues to be addressed

successful adoption of nii technologies in the transportation
arena will depend on whether timely, reliable information and
meaningful services can be provided to transportation users.=20
moreover, developing nii applications will challenge government
agencies and private firms to adapt or to create new models for
partnership.  institutional, regulatory, and economic reforms are
likely to be needed as well.  dot already has identified a number
of non- technical issues that could either promote or hinder the
development, implementation, or use of transportation
applications of the nii. several are outlined below, along with
issues and questions for consideration and comment by interested
parties. =20

critical technologies

early assessments indicate that technological advances could make
intelligent transportation systems more attractive in terms of
cost and performance, yet note that existing information and
communication technologies are frequently underutilized due to
non technical factors.  do most of the required technologies for
intelligent transportation systems exist?  if these are used
elsewhere, what is needed to gain widespread acceptance in
transportation? are applications research and technology
demonstrations the most effective means to increase awareness of
possibilities and benefits within the transportation sector?  are
key technologies evident?  should the government attempt to
identify critical technologies or rely upon the private sector to
do so?  are joint technology initiatives needed in such ares as:=
=20

=07 data fusion technology for combining global positioning system
  satellite navigation data with location data from loran, a
  terrestrial radio navigation aid, with digital map data, and
  with data from a dead reckoning system to produce accurate
  information on the location of buses, trucks, trains, and
  cars.=20

=07 monitoring and control system technology using digital motion
  detectors which could assist human operators monitor numerous
  vehicles over a wide metropolitan area. =20
    =20
=07 spread spectrum communications that make efficient use of the
  radio-frequency spectrum can conserve an already crowded
  electromagnetic spectrum.  for instance, low-powered,
  frequency-hopping devices can  transmit critical
  transportation information virtually unnoticed by other users
  within the spectrum. =20

=07 mobile data communication networks that can send emergency,
  maintenance, toll collection, vehicle identification, weather
  advisory, congestion, and automated vehicle location data to
  and from vehicles.
    =20
=07 information security technology for ensuring that information
  systems and data communications are trustworthy, including
  encryption techniques to safeguard critical data. =20
    =20
=07 wireless packet switching technology to enable error-free
  transmission of data to moving vehicles. =20

=07 electronic maps and location equipment, and associated
  displays with high contrast and adequate resolution at low
  cost, in various forms:  flat panel, interactive hdtv, and
  head-up windshield displays for example.
    =20
=07 smart cards and tags optimally combined for transportation
  applications such as collecting tolls on-the-fly, controlling
  high-occupancy-vehicle lanes, providing fare media for bus,
  plane, or train tickets, and automatically activating
  specialized devices and transportation services for americans
  with disabilities. =20
    =20
as part of the ivhs program, public outreach events are being
held throughout the country to solicit public input regarding
user service requirements and applicable technologies. public
comment on the broader aspects of intelligent transportation
systems and data resources is anticipated in response to this
paper.

public/private partnership and roles

the policy intent is that the private sector will build, own, and
operate the nii.  the private sector thus is developing,
marketing, and commercializing nii technologies, products and
services. =20

private sector participation in the development of transportation
system applications also is encouraged yet may be impaired by
traditional long-standing beliefs that the government is
responsible for transportation operations.  a question exists as
to what extent government responsibilities to ensure that nii
meets a broad range of societal goals, including environmental
quality, equity, and access goals, lay outside the interests of
private companies.  the respective roles of public and private
interests are evolving and will continue to do so for some time.=
=20
public perception as to the limits of public and private roles
will be an important factor. =20

new forms of public / private partnership are foreseen.  are
there practical models which can be adapted from other field to
support the cooperative development and deployment of the nii and
intelligent transportation systems? how can public and private
interests each be protected in such alliances?

moreover, the private sector has concerns that particular
activities, especially joint ventures, could be found to violate
antitrust laws.  to what extent should relevant antitrust
principles and laws be modified to avoid inappropriate hinderance
of nii transportation applications? a preliminary dot study
concerning ivhs concluded that modified legislation is not
necessary to affect the balance of public interests and
competition safeguards.  do you agree?

human resource training and education

another issue relates to the ability of state and local
transportation departments and transit authorities to hire and
retain workers with the technical and professional skills to
manage and use nii services, either because of low pay or hiring
restrictions.  a study conducted on skills and training
requirements for ivhs services indicated that in the long-term an
adequate supply of trained workers to deploy, operate, and
maintain ivhs user services should be available.  in the interim,
dot is preparing training, education, and rotation programs for
public agencies.  nonetheless, the capabilities that will be
required of future transportation professionals  has yet to be
determined precisely.  the extent to which such jobs will be
viewed as attractive within the american workforce remains an
open question as well. =20

public outreach and awareness

consumers will need to be aware of the nii and transportation
applications if they are to use, buy, or fund its development.=20
this paper is an initial attempt to increase public awareness of
the possibilities.  in addition to the public at large, local
public agencies and small private companies also will require
information about acquiring, accessing, and employing nii
products and services.  how can this best be accomplished?  are
current dot outreach efforts sufficient? =20

regulatory and legal issues

although many intelligent transportation system concepts are
intended to enhance safety, these novel transportation systems
raise tort and liability questions.  highway, air, marine, and
rail transportation systems are responsible for moving millions
of people and goods.  because the nii is in its infancy, it may
be too soon to consider legislation or other actions to protect
developers, users, and operators of nii products and services
from liability risks.  the nhtsa is undertaking research to
prepare standards that may limit ivhs liability exposure by
ensuring the application of sound engineering principles. should
extensive field testing of products be used as a means to ensure
safe ivhs design and operation?

=0cintellectual property rights

the issue of intellectual property rights is especially important
in cooperative efforts such as those envisioned in public/private
partnerships for the development of advanced transportation
applications of the nii.  the private sector is concerned that
public sector agencies will want to retain broad rights over nii
technologies and services, thus reducing the ability to recover
pre-development and research costs, and limiting profits from
future sales.  at the same time, public agencies are concerned
that developers will limit access to computer software codes or
other intellectual property needed to manage, distribute, and
operate these technologies.  to what extent are such concerns
premature?  does current federal patent policy afford sufficient
protection for private sector developers?  are public agency
concerns too demanding or unreasonable?

=46unding issues

installing, operating, and maintaining advanced technologies will
require substantial financial resources that may well exceed the
budgets of public agencies.  as a result, federal, state, and
local agencies may need to identify and develop new funding
mechanisms.  are there innovative options available?  to what
extent should public agencies develop investment criteria and
conduct cost-benefit analyses to determine the most effective
investment of limited resources?

accessibility and social equity

current administration policy is that the nii be accessible to
everyone.  however, access to some transportation applications of
the nii will be accessible yet determined by a willingness to pay
and ability to pay for services, raising concerns of an imbalance
in the distribution of benefits among income groups.  social
equity and access to transportation information is an important
public policy issue yet to be fully resolved.  how, and to what
extent, should public agencies determine mechanisms for ensuring
equitable access and affordability of technologies and services
that are to be provided with public funds. =20
beyond access considerations attributable to economic status,
consideration must be given to making transportation applications
of the nii accessible to americans with disabilities.  thus
special attention to user interface design will be needed.  such
considerations are discussed elsewhere in this publication, and
generally apply to intelligent transportation systems as well.=20
however, are there special needs and considerations to be
addressed?

privacy and security issues

a wide array of surveillance and monitoring technologies,
including fixed or mobile electronic sensors and video cameras,
will be used to provide some intelligent transportation system
services.  this raises questions about individual privacy.  most
people want their privacy protected, yet also expect benefits
that are not possible without compromising privacy.  to what
extent should the benefits of the nii trans-portation
applications be clearly shown to outweigh any privacy
considerations.=20

to the extent to which proprietary and/or sensitive
transportation information is to be transported over the nii,
what mechanisms should be developed to ensure that information is
protected and that personal anonymity is safeguarded?  is
legislation limiting the public availability of personal
identifying data related to transportation information needed?=20
in what instances should advanced notification, as well as
consent, to disclose information to third parties be required?

environmental and energy issues

the federal government has numerous policies to safeguard
environmental quality and engender energy conservation.=20
environmental externalities created by nii technologies and
services are difficult to access with existing methods and
analytical tools.  to what extent should the government strive to
develop better analytical tools and to perform field tests to
assess the impacts on air, natural resources, and energy use of
transportation applications of the nii?

=46uture dot involvement=20

consistent with its leadership role, the dot will examine issues
critical to nii and its transportation applications.  development
of the nii and related transportation applications will entail
the following:

=07 conducting research studies, including data collection and
  analysis, computer modeling, and developing national research
  and testbed facilities. =20
    =20
=07 creating a suitable environment for nii transportation
  applications, including studies and analyses of non technical
  issues:  social, economic, and legal obstacles and ways to
  resolve them; cost-benefit studies and impact analyses; and
  the definition of the responsibilities of various participants
  in the development, operation, and use of such systems.
    =20
=07 defining nii transportation applications and determining the
  feasibility of concepts.
    =20
=07 developing nii transportation applications with high public
  benefit but limited commercial potential, as well as systems
  for which the government, rather than the private sector, is a
  substantial user.
    =20
=07 promoting compatible nii technologies and services within
  multiple jurisdictions of the public and private sectors. =20
    =20
in summary,  dot agencies will devote significant resources to
nii related r&d activities.  this alone will not result in the
future described herein.  that future will require the
unprecedented cooperation, both within dot and with other federal
agencies, academic institutions, and private industry. but more
importantly, it will need public support from a broad cross
section of americans. =20

references

the national information infrastructure: agenda for action.

u.s. department of transportation. january 1994.  department of
transportation strategic plan. =20

u.s. secretary of transportation federico pe=a7a.  may 23, 1994.=
=20
"the ivhs future looks bright and it's almost here." the
washington times supplement:  technology and the new
transportation.

u.s. department of transportation.  december 18, 1992.=20
department of transportation ivhs strategic plan:  report to
congress. =20

ivhs america.  may 20, 1992.  strategic plan for intelligent
vehicle-highway systems in the united states. =20

u.s. department of transportation.  march 1994.  department of
transportation's intelligent vehicle highway systems projects. =20

s-cubed division of maxwell laboratories. june 21, 1994.=20
business wire.

washington post article.  june 9, 1994. "three trains collide in
nebraska; two dead." as published in the boston globe.
=0clast updated:  september 7, 1994



promoting telecommuting: an application of
the national information infrastructure


draft for public comment


     "... investments in telecommunications
     infrastructure that facilitate telecommuting
     should not only lead to ... transportation
     benefits, but may also have a synergistic
     ... effect on other transportation
     strategies ... required to cope with growing
     traffic congestion, urban air pollution, and
     national petroleum dependence (energy,
     emissions, and social consequences of
     telecommuting, p. xiii)."


part i:  what is the application arena?

telecommuting has been identified by both the national
performance review (npr) and president clinton's
climate change action plan  as one solution to
accommodate the demand for increased mobility and to
enhance worker satisfaction.  indeed, president
clinton's recent memorandum on expanding family-
friendly work arrangements directs federal agencies to
support telecommuting and satellite work locations
throughout the executive branch.  recent government
studies also underscore telecommuting's favorable
impact on transportation, energy, and environmental
goals and the role played by the nii in furthering
these outcomes. =20
 =20
the question to address, then, is: how can the nii
help promote and support telecommuting and, thereby,
assist in realizing its ends?  the term telecommuting,
as employed in this paper, refers to a means of
performing work away from the principal office =20
typically at home or at a nearby telecenter.  home-
based telecommuting, which has been occurring
worldwide for more than 20 years, often requires no
more than a telephone and notepad.  yet, those who
work at home often times lack the sophisticated office
technology that allows full access to information and
speedy communication.
=20
driving forces behind telecommuting

three principal forces drive the public interest in
promoting telecommuting: the environment, economics,
and quality of life.  in terms of the environment,
many of the nation's metropolitan centers have
significant problems meeting requirements of the clean
air act.  other locations face more moderate air
quality hurdles, but current growth trends pose
potential troubles.  beyond its degrading effect on
the environment, over-reliance on the automobile for
daily commuting also takes its toll on the earth's
fossil fuel reserves.  one way to improve air quality,
reduce future environmental risks, and conserve energy
resources is for employers to adopt telecommuting as
part of an area-wide transportation demand management
strategy.  economic forces are no less compelling.  in
many urban areas, peak-hour traffic is bumper-to-
bumper for hours every weekday morning and evening.=20
this snail's pace slows the daily commute for millions
of office workers and for others who make their
living, go to school, shop, or simply visit sites
around the city.   it also adds hours to delivery
times for commercial vehicles, all the while
introducing large amounts of pollutants into the air
we breathe.  when traffic is snarled, all economic
activity is forced to downshift.  increasingly,
employers are relocating to less congested areas to
avoid the high cost of doing business in downtown
settings.  given the innovations in telecommunications
technologies, it is now also possible to distribute
some work to suburban and rural locations and reduce
facilities costs with minimal loss of productivity.=20

telecommuting is one approach to a distributed
workforce and provides the additional benefit of
increased worker productivity.  perhaps more than any
other driving force, changing social values and more
diverse and flexible life style preferences are having
an impact on the american workplace.  two- and three-
hour daily commutes added to an eight- or nine-hour
workday keep family members apart far too long for
quality relationships to flourish.  there is little
time to talk about the day's upcoming events at
breakfast, help children with homework or discuss
problems after school, or explore ideas for the
family's summer trip around the dinner table.=20
moreover, there is less and less time or personal
energy available to devote to community projects,
volunteerism, and other civic activities.  here again,
telecommuting holds the potential for tipping the
scales back in the direction of more quality time with
family and the community.

potential benefits to society

telecommuting, which brings work closer to the
employee's residence, can take the form of working at
home or at a nearby telecenter.  these flexible
workplace arrangements have demonstrated they can help
organizations recruit and retain key personnel,
increase accessibility for all employees, improve
office productivity, increase use of new technology,
and reduce facilities costs.  based on research from
other private sector and public organization
telecommuting experience, benefits to the employee are
likely to include increased job satisfaction, reduced
commuting time and transportation costs, diminished
stress, improved quality of life, and improved family
functioning.  societal contributions include
environmental and energy conservation, less traffic
congestion on area highways, reduced individual and
family stress, increased civic involvement in local
communities, and improved economic development at
local and regional levels.

telecommuting can also improve customer satisfaction.=20
the national performance review provides insight into
the link between employee empowerment and customer
service.  the report notes that "the federal
government must ... create a workplace culture in
which employees are trusted to do their best."  it
also quotes the director of marketing for general
motors as saying, "... there's a strong correlation
between employee satisfaction and customer
satisfaction. if your employees are unhappy ... about
... the quality of worklife, they won't worry about
customers (creating a government that works better and
costs less, p.85)."=20

the changing role of central cities

there is concern among some in the central cities that
telecommuting and other forms of distributed work will
take jobs and economic activity away from downtown
areas.  some maintain that this sort of movement
simply exacerbates urban decay and further separates
large segments of our society.  experience shows that
telecommuting programs usually benefit those who
commute in from suburban and rural areas, rather than
workers who reside in town.

however, many urban dwellers could benefit equally
from reduced transportation costs, increased
flexibility and quality of life considerations.=20
imagine a "smart metro stop" in an inner-city
community that had high-speed network access.  such a
community asset could serve as a telecommuting center,
a residentially based service node for consumers of
public services, and as a local educational resource
for neighborhood youth and families.  even though
inner-city locations may not pose traffic-related air
quality threats, quality of life and community
economic development considerations alone may warrant
such infrastructure investment.  similarly, remote
rural areas that have traditionally been underserved
can also benefit from connection to an improved
national information infrastructure.

through interagency, intergovernmental, and public-
private partnerships, multi-purpose telecenters in
"smart" inner-city neighborhoods and rural communities
could also offer a wide range of telework and
teleservice opportunities.  by sharing facility and
overhead costs,  and perhaps expertise and other
resources, center participants would gain many of the
advantages of cooperatives and similar joint
undertakings.  moreover, in-town telecenters can
accommodate the increasing numbers of reverse-
commuters who choose to live in pedestrian-friendly
urban neighborhoods but whose work takes them outside
the center city.=20

related policy initiatives

the national performance review (npr) recommended that
the u.s. general services administration (gsa) and the
u.s. office of personnel management (opm) develop a
legislative proposal to enable flexiplace and
telecommuting arrangements for more federal employees.=20
it further recommended that the u.s. department of
transportation (dot) create and evaluate telecommuting
programs.  the accompanying report of the npr (on
reinventing human resources management) underscores
the role of the federal government as a model



employer.

  "the federal government should be viewed as a
  model employer in the availability and
  flexibility of quality worklife programs that
  emphasize the tools employees at all levels need
  to manage their work responsibilities and
  personal lives more effectively.  successful
  programs will foster interagency and
  intergovernmental partnerships, encourage
  cooperation between management and employees,
  spark collaborative ventures between public and
  private organizations, and bring harmony to the
  workplace and community in which they reside."

the federal government can also be an exemplar of how
the modern organization relates to its customers and
to the community in which it is located.  government
agencies can add value to what state and local
officials and others in the private sector have
already initiated.   the federal government can seek
to use its presence in america's communities to
facilitate speedy access to the nii. =20

labor relations considerations

labor unions have raised several concerns regarding
flexiplace arrangements.  while unions have generally
been supportive of telecommuting programs, they
caution employees, stewards, and program advocates to
keep an eye on:

=07 the union's continued ability to effectively
  represent telecommuters who are not in the
  principal workplace;
=07 equity issues with respect to selection (e.g.,
  rank, performance ratings, residence, etc.) and
  level of support (e.g., sophistication of
  equipment, clerical assistance, etc.);
=07 return of micro-management procedures and piecework
  assignment techniques;
=07 maintenance of fair labor standards act provisions
  (e.g., overtime and premium pay matters) in remote,
  unsupervised locations;
=07 home inspections, electronic monitoring, and other
  means of invading the worker's privacy; and
=07 unwarranted efforts to convert career employees to
  contract personnel.

in keeping with the administration's labor-management
partnership initiatives, the federal government can be
a model employer in this regard as well.  union
leadership should be involved early in the process of
planning telecommuting programs and assuring that
concerns are addressed effectively throughout the
programs' implementation.

part ii:       where are we now?

the first wave: international benchmarking

telecommuting has been underway both here and abroad
for several decades.  millions of workers worldwide
telecommute from home.  an estimated five million
americans telecommute from home, and indications are
that this number continues to grow.  according to a
recent study by the university of california-davis,
the first formal telecenter was established in 1981
along the marne valley.  planned as a decentralized
job relocation effort, this early attempt at a joint,
public-private undertaking was designed to accommodate
100 employees.  the study, funded by dot and the
california department of transportation (caltrans),
identified variations of this model, including
approximately 60 separate ventures in a dozen nations.=20
some were aimed at slowing the pace of rural to urban
migration, others to promote economic development,
several to take advantage of lower wages and operating
costs, and a growing number targeting individuals
whose assignments could benefit from a less stressful
environment.

the bank of montreal initiated its first "floating
office" in 1991.  in this arrangement, employees work
out of branch offices, at a client site, or at home
using a lap-top computer and remain available by phone
or pager throughout the work day.  the effort has
proven successful and has pioneered in transitioning
to a results-oriented form of supervision.  every
effort is made to reduce worker isolation by holding
periodic briefings and meetings that all employees
must attend.  the uc-davis report indicates the
canadian banking firm is realizing significant cost
savings, improved customer service, and higher
employee cooperation and morale.

in japan, the private sector has jumped out front in
experimenting with telecommuting arrangements.  these
ventures are usually high-tech experiments funded by
telecommunications firms, office equipment suppliers,
and construction companies.  one center (in shiki,
just outside tokyo) evolved to become a job center for
women in clerical and secretarial fields.  some of
these opportunities can include part-time and home-
based assignments.  another japanese innovation, the
"creative office," combines telecommuting with a
resort setting to help employees recover from fatigue
and to rediscover a creative muse.  one such office is
located in kumamoto, 600 miles from tokyo in southwest
japan.  during the average 2 week stay, employees
perform their normal tasks of research, planning and
market analysis.  at the hokkaido niseko resort
office, workers reported "...improved creative output,
fresh perspectives, and self-discovery."
=20
yet another application of telecommuting technology
has been in sweden through employment of the "office
train."  this experiment began in 1986 and involves as
many as 20 managers working for half-pay during an 80
minute train ride in and out of stockholm.  also in
1986, cr=c7dit suisse established fully outfitted
telecenters to meet computer specialist shortages in
basle, lausanne, lugano, winterthur, and zug.  they
also believe their employees will respond favorably to
such benefits as: flexible work schedules, shorter
commuting time, and improved quality of life.   in
devon, england, oakmoor telecentres ltd. is marketing
modular telecenter units, designed in collaboration
with digital equipment co., that range in size from 46
to 76 square meters.  other sites in england offer
"telecottages" designed for computer-based information
services, training, "telebusinesses," or for start-up
of new, small businesses.

a more recent phenomenon overseas is the "community
tele-service center."  this type facility differs from
most telecottages in that it provides a wider range of
support and amenities and typically includes a full-
time manager and part-time clerical employee.  the uc-
davis study indicates these centers usually offer:
"... remote database access, ... fax and electronic
mail, data processing services, consultation on use of
services, town meeting facilities, distance learning
facilities ..., video production/editing equipment and
facilities, and facilities to assist small business
formation for information-based services."  the report
cites 65 such teleservice centers in operation as of
1990, most located throughout scandinavia and some in
other regions as far away as benin, sri lanka, and
brazil.  much of this development is aimed at stemming
the seemingly inexorable movement from the countryside
into congested urban areas.

the american experience

in the united states, the first center was established
by pacific-bell in 1985.  today, an estimated five
million american workers nationwide use an alternate
workplace one or more days a week.  most are found in
the private sector, commonly working at home.  within
the last 5 years, there have been several innovative
telecommuting center experiments in hawaii,
california, and washington state.  outside honolulu,
hawaii, the state department of transportation has
been sponsoring an inter-governmental facility for
more than 5 years.  sixty to seventy-five miles east
of los angeles, california, local officials, and some
private concerns established a cluster of
"telebusiness" centers.  designed to improve air
quality, these projects were made available to both
public and private organizations.  in 1992, the
washington state energy office concluded its 2-year
experiment with a telecommuting center for state
employees in the puget sound area.

the uc-davis study includes information on other
telecenter and related projects in california,
washington, illinois, new york, colorado, kansas,
kentucky, minnesota, and north dakota.  they run the
gamut of urban, rural, residential non fixed settings
and reflect highly divergent use patterns as well.=20
this first generation of state and local government-
supported telecommuting centers has pioneered in basic
design issues and has clarified technology,
administration, and human relations considerations.=20
among other lessons learned during the first wave,
most now agree that it is critical to:

=07 provide training to all participants (including
  supervisors and co-workers);
=07 obtain a long-term commitment from sponsors;
=07 implement an aggressive marketing strategy early
  in the process;
=07 be flexible in understanding and responding to
  customer requirements (technical or otherwise);
=07 diversify the customer base to maximize financial
  viability; and
=07 plan for operation of the center with little or
  no continued subsidy.

while these early telecommuting center projects have
helped clarify some technology and management issues
and have been well received by participants, none has
achieved financial success.  once an initial subsidy
has run its course, participation drops off.  centers
have either then closed or local government has
stepped in to operate the center and buy more time.=20
until recently, almost no effort has been made to
market center services to federal agencies or their
customers, and utilization rates remain too low to
keep the pilot sites operating in the black or even at
the break-even point.  again, while successful in many
ways, these pioneering ventures have been
characterized by:

=07 limited use of the nation's ever-improving
  information infrastructure;
=07 single-purpose applications (i.e., telework
  arrangements with little or no connection to
  home-based programs);
=07 no more than a few facilities in a metropolitan
  area;
=07 limited marketing efforts; and
=07 minimal leadership and support from top
  management, employee unions, and elected
  officials.

technology issues

=46or the most part, existing technology and the
development pace of new technology is adequate for
most current telecommuting requirements.  however,
technological advances such as the development of high
bandwidth communications (beyond isdn) would benefit
existing telecommuting efforts and are increasingly
important as more users and more diverse applications
make demands on the system.  current levels of
telecommuting involve only a small, narrow portion of
our population, and program focus has been primarily
on workstation relocation.  as telecommuting expands
to the more general public and includes more
applications (customer services, telelearning,
telemedicine, telelibraries, etc.), technological
readiness will be crucial to gaining widespread
acceptance and confidence.  some nagging issues that
have already become apparent include:

=07 cost of technology for users;
=07 geographical and cultural availability of
  technology;
=07 user-friendliness of nii elements;
=07 ease of messaging and call-forwarding;
=07 ease and speed of converting hard copy to automated
  form;
=07 ease of use and of fax/modems and related software;
=07 ease of establishing data linkages from remote
  locations;=20
=07 phone company incompatibilities and cost of line
  charges;
=07 full, effective use of videoconferencing and
  interactive video technology;
=07 credible data security; and
=07 software compatibility problems.

private sector trends

during the past several years, some large private
firms have begun shifting sizeable segments of their
office workforce - particularly in sales and financial
management - to telecommuting arrangements.  in
denver, colorado and charlottesville, virginia, ibm
has furnished employees with furniture and equipment
to work at home when they are not in the field with
customers.  on the occasion this telecommuting
workforce requires space or support at the principal
workplace, ibm makes available "shared space" in a
setting redesigned for intermittent use.  there is a
dual business rationale behind this arrangement: it
places the workforce (e.g., salespersons and customer
representatives) closer to their clients, and it
allows the firm to significantly reduce facility
costs.  a variation on the approach to sharing office
space, is the "virtual office" that at&t has been
using to downsize its sales office operations.  by
replacing such offices with intermittent workstations,
at&t has made this cost-saving transition in new york,
connecticut, and massachusetts.  =20

another phenomenon, "hoteling," was initiated by ernst
& young in their chicago accounting and consulting
operation in 1992.  this arrangement is designed to
accommodate employees who spend the majority of their
workdays out in the field with clients.  to meet
worker needs on in-office days, the firm makes
available a private workstation typically integrated
with space occupied by peers and related functions.  a
"hotel coordinator" orche-strates the process of
taking reservations, assigning space, providing office
support, and programming phone numbers.  according to
the uc-davis study, in the first year ernst & young
reduced space requirements by 7 percent, and the
company expects to eventually shrink its office space
requirements nationwide by 60,960 square meters for a
savings of $40 million a year.

in response to the growing trend of satellite and
other remote work site placement, a new industry of
"executive office suites" has begun to emerge both in
the united states and abroad.  not unlike
telecommuting centers, executive suites typically
offer multi-user services such as shared space, modern
equipment and support staff on an intermittent basis.=20
however, as the uc-davis report indicates, the latter
are usually located on prime commercial real estate
and have an upscale image "with rates and amenities
oriented toward the upper management level rather than
the rank-and-file worker."  a hybrid of the executive
suite, the "comm center," a registered trademark of
the office technology group in long beach, california,
specializes in providing a wide range of
accommodations (at different rates) to the one- or
two-person office.  notwithstanding these innovations,
american business has not moved aggressively to make
telecommuting a management option to improve the
bottom line.

recent public sector activity

in 1992, california department of transportation
(caltrans) launched a new effort in cooperation with
uc-davis to establish 12 or more small,
neighborhood-based telecommuting centers throughout
the state.  augmenting this project is another
caltrans undertaking likely to generate six or more
sites with the california community college system.=20
supported by funding from dot's federal highway
administration (through the intermodal surface
transportation efficiency act, or istea), the caltrans
sites are expected to determine the value of new
telecommunication technology as a means of increased
mobility, relieve traffic congestion, conserve energy,
and improve air quality.  to this end, caltrans is
partnering with a wide range of local
instrumentalities to gain insight into how best to
initiate and administer such efforts.  partners to
date include: regional transportation management
authorities, local economic development offices and
redevelopment agencies, state and county fairs, public
school systems, community college districts, and other
public-private collaborations.

other states and localities are also continuing to
experiment with telecommuting and related information
technologies applications.  a state and private
coalition in kentucky is attempting to employ high-
tech telecommunications to improve access and promote
community economic development in the more remote
rural areas of the state.  activities just now getting
underway include: regional telework and teleservice
centers; local kiosk availability; small business
incubator support; distance learning through
interactive video technology; and other information
services to the citizen.  iowa is working with a
consortium of federal agencies to explore similar
applications for use in a statewide fiber-optic
environment.  planned efforts are targeting such uses
as remote medical diagnostics for veterans through
nodal communication with regional medical centers, tax
filing and consultation with the internal revenue
service (irs), benefits counseling and application
with the social security administration (ssa), and
other applications.

in davis, california,  a non profit coalition,
assisted by a caltrans grant, is working to establish
an interactive community computer network.  called the
davis community network, this local education and
information system uses modern telecommunication
technology to make available at modest cost to local
residents: electronic mail, conferencing, forums for
public discussions, bulletin boards (describing city
services and community resources), information from
volunteers, on-line library reference desk, and many
other possibilities.  it will also represent a multi-
channel link between the public and local schools, the
public library, city hall, hospitals, and community
service organizations.  beyond these local
applications, the community network provides access to
the internet and to a wide range of distance learning
opportunities.  tied to a telecommuting center, this
resource would make it possible for students and other
residents with their own computer and modem to enjoy
these benefits. =20

=46ederal initiatives

the federal government has been experimenting with
flexible workplace arrangements and telecommuting for
the last 5 years.  between june 1990 and june 1992,
opm and gsa operated and evaluated a home-based,
flexiplace pilot program that included 15 separate
agencies and 1,000 participating employees nationwide.=20
the overwhelming majority of employees and supervisors
judged flexiplace arrangements to be a desirable
workplace option. =20

as a result of this pilot effort, opm has since
written all federal agencies assuring them of their
authority to establish telecommuting programs and
encouraging their use.  both gsa and dot have publicly
promoted federal agency use of telecommuting as a
means of reducing traffic and improving air quality.=20
agencies that participated in the 2-year pilot project
and some others have also developed and implemented
formal, home-based telecommuting programs.  moreover,
the departments of defense (dod) and veterans affairs
(va) have telecommuting programs dedicated to persons
with disabilities and to reducing the number and
duration of worker compensation cases through
prevention and better management of the re-entry
process.  also, several agencies are considering
telecommuting in conjunction with office space
reduction and workplace reconfiguration efforts.

while nationwide an estimated five million americans
telecommute, there are fewer than 2000 federal
employees (0.1 percent of the workforce) currently
participating in telecommuting programs.  most federal
telecommuters work at home one or two days a week and
spend the remainder of the work week at a principal
workplace.  presently, approximately 10 percent of
those telecommuting participate in center-based
programs.  little information has been collected on
home-based arrangements since the 2 year flexiplace
pilot project administered jointly by opm and gsa was
completed in june 1992.  also, there is no information
system currently in place to gather data on
telecommuters by agency and by air quality
nonattainment area.

during the past 2 years, the congress appropriated $6
million for gsa to establish pilot telecommuting
centers in outlying areas of the nation's capital.=20
=46or use by federal employees who currently travel long
distances between home and the workplace,  each pilot
center that has already opened involves an
intergovernmental partnership.  in southern maryland,
gsa's partner is a community college.  in hagerstown,
maryland, the venture has gsa partnering with a local
consortium that includes a u.s. army garrison, the
city and county governments, and the local junior
college.  a partnership in winchester, virginia relies
on the u.s. army corps of engineers (usace) in
cooperation with the local economic development
commission.  the fredericksburg, virginia initiative
is led by the area development corporation, a local
government organization representing the city and four
surrounding counties.

early in 1994, gsa established three emergency
telecommuting centers in the greater los angeles
metropolitan area.  in response to the northridge
earthquake, gsa set up centers to the north and west
of the city and is currently exploring additional
sites in the greater metropolitan area.  the emergency
centers opened only weeks after the january 17
earthquake.  the gsa quickly located available space,
leased and equipped it, and arranged for the provision
of necessary administrative and programmatic support
with the local cooperative administrative support unit
(casu).  one of 49 interagency cooperatives sponsored
nationally by gsa, the los angeles casu is hosted
locally by the irs and provides a wide range of
administrative support services to area agencies. =20
interestingly, it has not only been federal employees
who have benefitted from the markedly reduced
commuting time.  agency customers are also spared the
long trip into downtown los angeles to obtain required
services.  thus, at the peak of this year's tax
season, taxpayers in the santa clarita valley could
get help from irs employees at the valencia
telecommuting center only 5 or 10 minutes away.=20
similarly, veterans could substitute a tedious drive
into west los angeles with a short, pleasant one to
the same facility to receive guidance from a
department of va benefits counselor.

to build on this well-received start, gsa and the
local casu are exploring telecenter partnerships with
state and local officials.  some of these partnerships
reinforce efforts initiated by caltrans and other
local ventures.  for example, the institute for local
self-government has initiated a "facilities exchange"
program that attempts to broker telecommuting space
across jurisdictional boundaries.  all these
prospective partnerships make more enterprising use of
existing public assets (e.g., underutilized space,
equipment, human resources), thus reducing the cost
for center participants and their employers.  some
undertakings are also designed to preserve and re-use
historic buildings.

part iii:  where do we want to be?

short-term goals

in its first 20 years, "flexitime" has taken on many
faces in both the public and private sectors,
including flexible work hours, compressed work
schedules, and other temporary arrangements to
accommodate the exigencies of contemporary life.=20



today, for example, it is estimated that 35-40 percent
of the federal civilian workforce "flexes" with some
regularity.  must the parallel "flexiplace" revolution
take an entire generation to gain currency?  in fact,
the term telecommuting was coined here in the united
states over 20 years ago.  will it now take another 20
years for flexiplace arrangements to achieve the
utilization rates that flexitime presently enjoys?

the climate change action plan published just last
year directs the u.s. environmental protection agency
(epa) and dot to take a series of actions designed to
promote home-based and center-based telecommuting. 
these actions direct that:

 epa, in consultation with dot, issue guidance to
  states to take pro-telecommuting measures (e.g.,
  reforming local zoning ordinances; providing
  employer trip reduction and tax incentives; and
  implementing telecommuting programs for state and
  local employees);
 dot encourage states to use istea funds to
  initiate or expand telecommuting programs;
 dot implement a federal telecommuting pilot
  project with the goal of getting 1 to 2 percent
  of federal employees to work at home at least one
  day a week; and
 dot, in conjunction with other agencies, promote
  part-time, home-based telecommuting to reduce
  traffic congestion and promote energy
  conservation.   

clearly, the federal government can begin immediately
to demonstrate its leadership and commitment in this
area by serving as a model employer.  the president's
memorandum implementing this recommendation is an
important first step.  it directs opm and gsa to work
with agencies to expand flexible work arrangements and
directs the president's management council (pmc) and
the omb to provide implementation guidance on these
actions.  accordingly, the federal government could
aim to increase federal telecommuting levels to more
than 60,000 employees (3 percent of the federal
workforce) by the end of fiscal year 1997.  serving as
a catalyst    particularly if linked with
intergovernmental and public-private partnership
arrangements   this short-term effort would
demonstrate the workability and efficacy of both home-
based and center-based telecommuting and should
trigger increased state and local government and
private sector involvement.

with the endorsement of the pmc, dot and gsa should
lead an interagency team to plan, implement and
evaluate a 3-year initiative targeting as many as 30
metropolitan areas.  each local undertaking should
encourage and support flexible work arrangements (such
as home-based telecommuting) and attempt to establish
a network of community-based telecenters throughout
the metropolitan region.  many centers could provide
multiple services (including support to home-based
telecommuters) with the number of centers ranging from
12 to 24 per region.  workstations may also vary from
a low of 10 or 15 for neighborhood settings to as many
as 50 or more at regional centers.

given the multi-fold purposes of the initiative, other
team members should include active representatives
from:  opm, epa, dod, va, the departments of labor
(dol), health and human services (hhs), treasury (td),
agriculture (usda), interior (doi), energy (doe),
commerce (doc), housing and urban development (hud),
and education (educ); the u.s. small business
administration (sba), the small agency council, and
national federal labor unions.

to illustrate the synergistic mission-related
applications made possible in such an undertaking,
consider the desirability of:

 the corporation for national service (cns)
  funding projects for college graduates recruited
  from inner-city or rural communities to serve as
  telecenter administrators or outreach workers in
  these locations;
 va benefits counselors providing face-to-face
  services to veterans in a local telecenter;
 irs field staff interacting directly with
  american taxpayers in their own communities;
 co-located federal, state and\or local program
  personnel providing one-stop advice and
  consultation to recipients of public assistance
  programs (e.g., aid to families with dependent
  children, food stamps, and medicaid);
 immigration and naturalization service (ins) or
  passport office staff providing cultural-friendly
  assistance to immigrants in their own
  neighborhood (perhaps in conjunction with young
  volunteers or a cns project);
 linkages with local hud and usda "empowerment
  zone and enterprise community" efforts, such as:
  drug free schools and communities, the urban
  community service program, community initiative
  programs, early childhood development programs,
  community development block grants, eda public
  works program, and many others; and
 collaboration with federal transit administration
  (fta) "livable communities" projects -
  particularly those designed to enhance facilities
  such as: transit stations, park and ride lots,
  and transfer stations; and
 coordination with related programs to: improve
  educational opportunities, increase access to
  affordable housing, enhance job training and
  employment efforts, and increase crime prevention
  at the local level. 

target area selection should be based on four
considerations:

 ozone and carbon monoxide non-attainment
  problems;
 potential for improved customer service;
 size of the local federal community; and
 geographic dispersion.

thirty metropolitan areas that meet these criteria
include:

 atlanta, georgia
 baltimore, maryland
 boston, massachusetts
 chicago, illinois
 cincinnati, ohio
 cleveland, ohio
 dallas-fort worth, texas
 denver, colorado
 detroit, michigan
 fresno, california
 houston, texas
 kansas city, missouri
 los angeles, california
 miami, florida
 minneapolis-st. paul, minnesota
 milwaukee, wisconsin
 new orleans, louisianna
 norfolk, virginia
 new york, new york
 philadelphia, pennsylvania
 phoenix, arizona
 pittsburgh, pennsylvania
 portland, oregon
 raleigh-durham, north carolina
 sacramento, california
 san diego, california
 san francisco, california
 st. louis, missouri
 seattle, washington
 washington, district of columbia

funding support should be sought through various
agency appropriation authorities.  it is estimated
that at least $50 million will be needed during fy
1995-97 to spur significant federal participation in
telecenter activities in the short term.  because
agencies have not budgeted for these needs and will
require time to re-engineer their principal office
operations, such additional funding support will
determine the extent of increased telecommuting
activity (in both the public and private sectors)
during the next several years.

telecommuting as a reinvention laboratory

to reinforce the enterprising nature of this
undertaking, the pmc should designate the project an
interagency reinvention laboratory.  during the course
of the experiment, government managers and the pmc
should examine such impediments as: 

 federal restrictions on intergovernmental and
  public-private partnerships;
 restrictive interpretation of federal
  appropriations law limiting use of funds for
  innovative solutions to transportation, air
  quality and related problems; and
 state and local restrictions on and disincentives
  for telecommuting in both the public and private
  sectors.

measures of success

outcomes measured in surveys and focus groups should
include:

 changes in both home-based and center-based
  telecommuting levels in federal, state, and local
  government organizations and within the private
  sector;
 changes in worker and office productivity;
 changes in environmental, energy and transportation
  factors (e.g., reduced air pollution, reduced
  consumption of fossil  fuels, reduced congestion on
  major roadways, etc.);
 changes in application of new office technologies;
 changes in agency customer service practices;
 changes in citizen access to the national
  information infrastructure; and
 changes in family and community life having
  implications for improved social functioning.

this project also should examine the impact on inner-
city and remote rural community access to flexible
workplace opportunities and to information technology,
telecommuter spending patterns and community
involvement, utilization and impact of office
technology, office furnishings and ecology, and other
related matters.  moreover, the evaluation should be
conducted in collaboration with similar action
research funded by dot and caltrans at uc-davis. 
lastly, the development of telecommuting centers
provides an opportunity to utilize and evaluate
advances in office equipment, furnishings,
environments (both physical and social), and designs. 
there have been several recent studies showing
productivity improvements resulting from factors such
as increased ventilation and access to natural light. 
the project should examine a wide range of office
factors and their relationship to job performance and
quality of work life.

a vision for the future

looking to the future, government officials should
consider the following activities and policies to
promote home-based telecommuting and telecenter
growth:

 extensive experimentation with distributed work
  approaches in the public and private sectors;
 demonstration projects and research on co-location
  of federal, state, and local counterpart staff at
  multi-purpose resource centers;
 experimentation with shared facility arrangements
  among federal, state and local agencies to render
  financially feasible organization presence in
  remote rural areas;
 tax incentives for employers and individuals to
  transition to home-based and/or center-based
  telecommuting arrangements;
 more flexible use of existing appropriation
  authorities allowing states and localities
  discretion tailoring the new information
  infrastructure;
 more flexible use of workers compensation law and
  regulation to provide alternative work
  opportunities to disabled workers (thus reducing
  total compensation costs and bringing workers back
  into productive employment);
 experimentation with telecenters in supporting
  neighborhood-based, assisted-living environments
  for persons with disabilities or frail elderly
  americans;
 more flexible use of flexitime rules and procedures
  to allow employees to benefit from their own
  personal peak productivity periods; and
 examination of federal wage laws restricting work
  options available for workers and employers in
  liability issues.

some key features and services offered at local
centers might include:

 computerized access to federal, state and local job
  listings, applications and counseling; social
  security, health, and retirement benefits
  information; and other public services that can be
  automated;
 one-stop capital shops (oscs) designed to target
  lending and community development tools to small
  and minority businesses in distressed communities
  and underserved markets (discussed in building
  communities: together, p.10);
 oscss located in empowerment zones or enterprise
  communities serving as national and regional
  capital distribution points for underserved
  markets;  
 use as an access point for participatory democracy
  initiatives allowing and encouraging nii access to
  participate, attend, monitor government or other
  civic activities in distant locations;
 customer service/business office facilities for
  private sector companies (and incubator support for
  small businesses;
 computers using pen and voice recognition;
 library access (searches, abstracts, consumer info
  etc.) and access to business services such as the
  commerce business daily or to advice and guidance
  from dol's contracting regulations and
  requirements;
 on-site training for use of all these services; and
 shuttle and messenger services among centers and
  between the center and downtown offices.

further, local communities might experiment with a
mobile version of the multi-purpose center (e.g., a
trailer or "infomobile") for inner-city neighborhoods. 
the district of columbia's office of maternal and
child health has been using mobile "mom" trailers to
help improve prenatal health through outreach and
information.  the district is also using roving
municipal centers.  local officials could use trailers
to provide a limited version of the full range of
teleservices offered at fixed centers.  some of the
international experiments in this area may have
transferable aspects.

part iv:  how are we going to get there?

national telecommuting project

the principal strategy for promoting this increase in
telecommuting in the short term should rely heavily on
intergovernmental and public-private partnerships at
both the national and local levels.  the lead agencies
(dot and gsa) should establish a national project team
(npt) and designate sponsors in each metropolitan area
to lead local project teams (lpts).  the npt should
provide field managers with program guidance,
technical support,  organizational and marketing
assistance, and oversee and evaluate project outcomes
on behalf of the pmc.  the npt should coordinate
national efforts to foster increased federal employee
participation in agency flexiplace programs and should
consult with national representatives of state and
local interest groups (e.g., national association of
counties, league of cities, etc.) and related private
sector organizations (e.g., conference board, u.s.
chamber of commerce, etc.) to gain additional support.

in each target community, local teams should offer
symposia on telecommuting issues and related programs. 
symposia should be directed to area partnership
members and representatives of other interested
organizations.  moreover, the lpt should develop area-
specific plans in consultation with appropriate
federal, state, and local officials and with private
sector groups.  at the federal level, this should
include: affected agencies; field managers; federal
executive boards and associations, and casus (many of
which have already begun cross-servicing with state
and local counterpart organizations).  at the state
and local level, contacts should be made with: state
agency officials; municipal leaders; councils of
government; metropolitan planning organizations; state
associations of counties; statewide city management
organizations; empowerment zone and enterprise
community officials; and others with interest and/or
resources.  in addition, private sector involvement
should be pursued through local chambers of commerce,
boards of trade and other individual firms or groups
that wish to make a contribution. 

building on telecommuting projects already underway in
washington, dc and california and on other ventures
begun even earlier, the team should seek to expand
existing partnerships in these locations and initiate
new ventures in other metropolitan areas. 
partnerships could include shared-use or service
arrangements with community colleges, local government
offices, underutilized state or federal government
facilities (including dod installations, community
malls, shopping centers and professional complexes,
local utility operations, private professional,
hoteling or business service centers, state and/or
county fairs, regional economic and technology
development councils, local schools and libraries, and
other public and private community economic
development undertakings.  it is anticipated that such
partnerships will target underutilized facilities and
make it possible to offer other family and community-
friendly amenities, including service kiosks, public
access to the information highway, child care, local
fitness programs, training, and distance-learning
educational opportunities.

program emphasis should be on increasing both work-at-
home arrangements and telecenter utilization, with
centers also serving as an office support mechanism
for home-based telecommuters.  support for those
working at home could include: coaching, technical
assistance, counseling, and drop-in administrative
support (e.g., laser printer, copier or fax use;
videoconferencing; mailhandling; etc.).  agency heads
should urge senior managers to encourage home-based
telecommuting and should provide full technical and
administrative support for these arrangements. 
project teams should assure that agencies have access
to the latest information and techniques in this
regard and should make available cross-agency shared
support where needed.   

furthermore, every effort should be made to design
centers so that agencies can bring services closer to
their customers (e.g., taxpayers, veterans, social
security recipients, farmers, small businesspersons,
etc.).  as local projects are planned, officials from
participating agencies (at all levels of government)
should have an opportunity to use the telecenter as a
platform for other applications.  given the investment
in modern telecommunications technology (e.g., tcp/ip
routers, narrowband and broadband isdn, atm/sonet,
etc.), multi-purpose use will bring down unit costs
for all participants.  such economies of scale can
also make it possible for federal agencies to maintain
service capabilities in suburban and rural areas if
only on an intermittent basis (e.g., once or twice a
week).

project planners should consult with local transit
authorities to extend bus routes and other
transportation services to new locations.  every
effort should be made to maximize transportation
demand management benefits.  air quality and energy
conservation are, after all, two of the principal
driving forces behind the initiative.  local projects
could experiment with making available clean fuel
shuttles and dial-a-ride programs and small, short-
range, low cost electric vehicles for those who cannot
walk or bike between home and the nearby center.

streamlining considerations

employing telecommuting centers as hubs to support
increased work-at-home arrangements will also lower
unit costs for the employer.  this will require
technical and administrative support for telecommuters
and their supervisors and related training, marketing
and evaluation activities.  as more employees from the
same organization telecommute, an agency or firm can
begin to redesign its principal office for more
intermittent use and generate savings to offset
telecommuting participation costs.  to this end, gsa
regional offices should provide office space planning
and reconfiguration assistance to local federal
managers as requested.  local projects should be
encouraged to make such assistance available to other
public and private employers (possibly through area
phone companies and others in the private sector with
such expertise) as further inducement to make
telecommuting happen in their organizations. 

conclusion

let us return to our initial question: how can the nii
help promote and realize the ends of telecommuting? 
in the long run, planners and implementors of nii
applications can continue the work to which many from
across the globe have already contributed.  they can
tackle the remaining technology and management
barriers, experiment with more holistic and
synergistic models, and address outstanding public
policy issues.  in the short run, having the federal
government lead by example should demonstrate the
multi-fold benefits of telecommuting and clarify how
the new information infrastructure can be of use.  

the proposed 3-year initiative, which builds on the
learning and programmatic successes of earlier
efforts, differs from these pioneering ventures in six
strategically significant respects.  the approach
makes more extensive use of the nation's evolving
information infrastructure, thereby rendering center-
based and even home-based telecommuting much more
user-, employer-, and citizen-friendly.  it relies on
multiple nii applications to create economies of scale
and synergism, thus bringing center services within
closer financial reach of employers and private
citizens. this generation of centers should also
provide employers with a metropolitan areawide network
of sizeable, community-based facilities (not merely
one or two small pilot projects).  this should make it
possible for employers to generate the number of
participants within their organizations to warrant
redesign and release of space to actually reduce
operating costs.  it involves considerably more
extensive and higher level marketing.  and, lastly,
this initiative requires significant leadership and
support from top agency management (among others, pmc
members, employee unions, and key elected officials)
at the federal, state, and local levels. 

while the central theme of this paper is
telecommuting, increased nii support provides
additional benefits from technology investments.  for
example, telecenters hold significant potential for
bringing government services closer to the public. 
this will not only eliminate lengthy commutes for
employees, but should enhance mobility for citizen
customers as well.  viewed as the anchor for a multi-
purpose resource facility, a community-based
telecenter could include such applications as:

 support for home-based telecommuters;
 interagency/intergovernmental service teams;
 interactive customer service kiosks;
 drop-in citizen access to the information
  superhighway (e.g., electronic bulletin boards,
  information and referral services, volunteer
  opportunities, internet, and electronic town hall
  meetings);
 teleconferencing and videoconferencing for both
  workers and private citizens;
 health care information, remote medical
  diagnostics and other sophisticated information
  technology made increasingly accessible for rural
  populations;
 advanced computer accommodations that increase
  access for people with disabilities; and
 a wide range of distance-learning and related
  educational opportunities for those in both
  underserved rural and inner-city locations.

the longer-term vision for telecommuting should aim to
gain more rapid acceptance of the concept, introduce
distributed work approaches to a significant cross-
section of the american workforce, and bring public
services closer to where government's workers and
customers reside.  using the nation's successful
experience with flexible work schedules (i.e.,
flexitime), we see no reason that flexiplace
arrangements cannot climb to 20 to 30 percent of the
workforce by early in the next decade.  moreover,
these efforts should attempt to reinforce other goals
and values relative to environmental, economic and
societal functioning.  continued emphasis also should
be placed on aiding inner-city and remote rural area



from jseiger@eff.org  thu sep 15 14:01:26 1994
received: from [192.77.172.171] (figallo.eff.org [192.77.172.171]) by eff.org (8.6.9/8.6.6) with smtp id oaa18628 for ; thu, 15 sep 1994 14:01:23 -0400
message-id: <199409151801.oaa18628@eff.org>
x-sender: jseiger@eff.org
mime-version: 1.0
content-type: text/plain; charset="us-ascii"
date: thu, 15 sep 1994 14:01:26 -0500
to: mech@eff.org
from: gopher@ntiaunix1.ntia.doc.gov (gopher) (by way of jseiger@eff.org (jonah
 seiger))
subject: [complete document]
status: o

access to the nation's evolving information
infrastructure.

references

bagley, michael, mannering, j., and mokhtarian, p.
telecommuting centers and related concepts. research
report, ucd-its-rr-94-4. prepared for the federal
highway administration and the california department
of transportation. march 1994.

building communities: together. the president's
community enterprise board. u.s. department of housing
and urban development and u.s. department of
agriculture. january 1994.

clinton, president william j. and gore, vice president
albert, jr. the climate change action plan. 1993.

clinton, william j., "memorandum for the heads of
executive departments and agencies." july 11, 1994.

energy, emissions, and social consequences of
telecommuting. u.s. department of energy, office of
policy, planning, and project evaluation. december
1993.

gordon, gil. "telecommuting review: the gordon
report." may and june 1994.

gore, al. creating a government that works better &
costs less: report of the national performance review.
september 1993.

master, warren and joice, w. "reinventing the
workplace: interagency telecommuting centers." the
public manager. fall 1993.

nilles, jack. making telecommuting happen. van
nostrand reinhold. florence, kentucky. 1994.  

seaman, michael. caltrans. personal interview and
written comments. june 1994.

the federal flexible workplace pilot project work-at-
home component. final report, prd-92-15. prepared by
the u.s. office of personnel management, office of
personnel research and development. january 1993.

thoma, rich. telecommuting consultant; personal
interview. june 1994.

transportation implications of telecommuting. u.s.
department of transportation, april 1993.last updated:  september 7, 1994


the effect of the national information
infrastructure (nii) on local, state,
and federal emergency management


draft for comment


part i:  what is the application arena?

emergency management can be defined as  

a public educated on what to do before, during, and
after a disaster to protect themselves, their
families, their homes, and their businesses;
structures located out of harm's way and built
according to improved codes; governments and private
organizations with proven effective plans, necessary
resources, and rigorous training for disaster
response; and community plans, prepared in advance,
for recovery and reconstruction after a
disaster.[endnote 1]

as described above, emergency management deals with
the mitigation of, preparation and training for,
response to, and recovery from disasters.  while
emergency management requires many implementation
tools, one of the most critical and ripe for
improvement is the use of information technology to
support the efforts of emergency managers.  emergency
managers provide guidance when dealing with many types
of natural or manmade disasters that can cause
devastating loss of life, injury, emotional distress,
and material destruction.   when a disaster strikes,
everyone is affected either as a victim, a survivor,
or a member of a relief team.  at optimum levels,
there would be a combined effort of federal, state,
and local emergency management officials working with
the public and private sector to return the situation
to normal.

natural disasters can be complex, occurring with a
wide range of intensities.  some events are
instantaneous and offer no window of warning, such as
the northridge california earthquake in january 1994. 
some offer short windows in which to alert the public
to take actions such as the tornadoes in the
southeast, or the more than 10,000 annual severe
thunderstorms.  others occur less frequently and are
typically more expansive, with some warning time to
allow the public time to prepare.  examples include
many hurricanes, such as hurricanes iniki and andrew,
and the midwest floods of 1993.  proper preparation
for and response to all emergencies rely on
coordinated efforts.  in addition to natural
disasters, each year there is an increase in manmade
incidents which can be just as devastating as natural
disasters.   
 
table 1 is a summary showing the number of
presidentially declared disasters or emergencies in
fiscal year 1993.   the table only shows those
disasters which where so devastating that they
resulted in a presidential declaration.  one storm can
cause multiple declarations since they are declared on
a state by state basis.  the actual number of smaller,
localized disasters is much higher (obviously, any
disaster is major to its victims).  for instance, in
1993, there were 1,173 tornadoes which touched down in
the united states, resulting in 33 deaths.  

table 1.  presidential declarations by fiscal year

fiscal year    drought
1989           0
1990           0
1991           0
1992           1
1993           1
1994*          0

fiscal year    earthquake
1989           0
1990           1
1991           0
1992           2
1993           1
1994*          2

fiscal year    fire
1989           1
1990           5
1991           2
1992           11
1993           7
1994*          2


fiscal year    flood
1989           14
1990           14
1991           17
1992           15
1993           20
1994*          2

fiscal year    human-caused
1989           0
1990           0
1991           0
1992           0
1993           1
1994*          0

fiscal year    hurrican/typhoon
1989           5
1990           2
1991           10
1992           9
1993           2
1994*          0

fiscal year    severe/storms
1989           2
1990           0
1991           1
1992           6
1993           3
1994*          14

fiscal year    snow/ice
1989           1
1990           3
1991           5
1992           2
1993           18
1994*          6


fiscal year    tornado
1989           7
1990           13
1991           6
1992           8
1993           12
1994*          2


fiscal year    toxic substances
1989           0
1990           0
1991           0
1992           1
1993           0
1994*          0

fiscal year    volcanos
1989           0
1990           1
1991           0
1992           0
1993           0
1994*          0

fiscal year    totals
1989           30
1990           39
1991           41
1992           55
1993           65
1994*          28

* through 06/22/94

enhancements to information systems suppor-ting
emergency management through the improvement of the
national information infrastructure (nii) will
directly result in saving of lives, reduction in human
suffering, and monetary savings from a reduction in
the impact of disasters.  these enhancements will save
the lives of both the emergency responders and the
general public. issues of public safety are an
integral part of emergency management.  it doesn't
matter where people live or work; every person in this
nation is a potential victim of one or more natural or
man-made disasters.  through emergency management, we
try to avoid disasters, to minimize the impacts of
those we cannot avoid, to prepare for those we
anticipate, and to enhance recovery from those that
occur.   

the nii can be used to significantly improve all
levels (federal, state, and local) and phases
(mitigation, preparedness, response, and recovery) of
emergency management.  the nii can allow emergency
managers to make quantum improvements in the
management of disasters and emergency response.  as a
report of the national academy of public
administration notes, "emergency management requires
coordination of a wide range of organizations and
activities, public and private."[endnote 2]  emergency
management, whether it is at a national level, in a
state like california's office of emergency services,
in a local office such as the dade county emergency
management office or the local volunteer fire
department in bay saint louis, mississippi, is crucial
to the well-being of this nation. 

after hurricane andrew struck the homestead area,
there were places where it was difficult to tell where
streets were supposed to run, or tell where houses
used to sit.  one senior emergency manager described
the area as looking like an atomic bomb, without
radiation or fire, had hit the area.  this potential
for the destruction of infrastructure after a disaster
is one of the things that differentiates information
systems for emergency management from other
information systems supporting other functions. 
emergency managers must have dependable information
systems with backup systems which can be used reliably
after a disaster.
  
the improved use of information technology tools,
through the implementation of the nii, will greatly
improve the capabilities of emergency managers to
coordinate and disseminate vital emergency
communications.  with each disaster, we are witnessing
an increase in information technologies and
communications tools used during the response to
emergencies.  by example, during the northridge,
california earthquake of january 1994 (which had
minimal impact on the telecommunications
infrastructure) most response systems were in place,
within the first several hours: broadcast stations
were providing coverage of the situation; fire, search
and rescue teams were coping with aftershocks; and
emergency responders were already planning the
response and implementing previously prepared plans. 
citizens made excellent use of cellular phones, faxes,
internet, amateur radios and other communications
links to disseminate information and stay in contact with loved ones. 
because of the  sophistication of
telecommunications and coordinated efforts of disaster
teams, response systems proved to be effective. 

the monetary costs of disasters are very high.  while
total figures of federal, state, local, and private
expenditures are not available, one can get an idea of
the scope of the problem from table 2.  this table
shows the federal emergency management agency's (fema)
expenditures on disasters over the last few years. 
the table does not show all federal expenditures
(budget processes make it difficult to roll up all
expenditures on all disasters).  the fema expenditures
are the bulk of federal spending in most disasters
since fema administers the president's disaster relief
fund.  table 3 shows the total projected federal
expenditures, through september 30, 1994, for four
major disasters.  

table 2.  fema expenditures on disasters.

fiscal year
number of presidential declarations
federal expenditure (in billions of dollars)

1988
32
189.6

1989
30
138.5

1990
39
2026.2

1991
41
391.5

1992
55
1725.5

1993
65
2467.9

1994 (up to 6/7/94)
26
3081.4

totals
288
10020.6

average
40
1428.8


table 3.  federal disaster expenditures

disaster incidents
declaration date
projected federal expenditure through 09/20/94 (in millions of
dollars)

hurricane andrew
august 1992
3937.1

hurricane iniki
september 1992
554.2

midwest floods
summer 1993
6011.7

northridge
earthquake
january 1994
3,714.6*

* note that this field represents expeditures through
09/30/94 and some, especially in the case of 
northridge earthquake, will increase.  

>from the tables above, it is clear that the federal
government expends a great deal on disasters.  and
yet, the federal government's expenditures often are
not even half of the total cost associated with a
disaster.  for example total federal expenditures for
hurricane andrew will reach approximately
$3,937,100,000 by september 30, 1994 while the total
damage is estimated at over $20 billion.  the
difference represents the amount spent from state,
local and private funds.  if use of the nii was able
to improve information/technologies that support
emergency management the net effect could result in a
1% reduction in expenditures,  the result would be
savings of tens of millions of dollars.  it is easy to
believe that any improved communications and
information systems infrastructure would be of benefit
in saving lives, reducing injuries, and diminishing
property damage.

looking at disasters such as hurricane andrew clearly
show the problems that exist today.  hurricane andrew
to date has been the most costly natural disaster in
u.s. history.[endnote 3]  difficult areas that lead to
problems have included insufficient mitigation, public
training, and preparation.  the government was
criticized for its slow response.  people in low-
income areas, trailers, and remote areas were not
aware of what to do, and could not in some cases be
evacuated effectively.  however, although recovery and
clean-up were slow at the outset, they did pick up
later.  better preparations and communications links
could have saved property.  the same was true when
hurricane iniki devastated hawaii. 

the midwest floods, on the other hand, allowed more
preparation time because it took longer to manifest
itself.   while evacuations were effective. it could
have also benefited from better mitigation, more
planning, and improved environmental engineering. 
communities in the flood region were credited with
having a collective positive response to the disaster
including sandbagging efforts, and the donation of
money.  the role of the community in working toward
maximizing its own safety was remarkable.[endnote 4]

while there is a general agreement that the government
must have a role in emergency management of disasters,
there is growing concern to find a better approach in
responding to emergencies.  in the u.s. congress, more
than 13 senators and nearly 100 members of the house
have sponsored bills that address either the issue of
disaster response or the funding surrounding it.  jack
weber, of the national disaster coalition presented
one viewpoint on why disasters are so expensive when
he said, "our nation's response to disasters continues
to be a reactive one.  we wait for our worst fears to
be realized, and then we figure out how best to pick
up the pieces.  it is the most expensive, least
efficient and least humane way of approaching the
problem."[endnote 5]

on the international front, activity continues to grow
regarding emergency management, particularly as it
relates to issues of disaster reduction and
mitigation.  a primary impetus has been the 1990
initiative by the united nations to exchange
information by creating the international decade for
natural disaster reduction (idndr).  in may of 1994
they convened in yokohama, japan to review the
progress among member states.  as a result an
impressive array of case studies, research activities,
and advice was gathered and published in facing the
challenge.[endnote 6] 

one result of the meetings has been the u.s. decision
to place more emphasis internationally on prevention,
mitigation, and preparedness activities.  clearly this
approach would greatly assist developing countries
which, according to the report, suffer the most
debilitating effects in natural disasters and where
disasters cause more than 95% of deaths in those
countries.  currently, the united states is working
with a number of countries such as costa rica,
ecuador, japan, and the caribbean nations to develop a
variety of projects that will increase the success of
managing natural disasters.[endnote 7]  improved
infrastructures for communications such as the
caribbean satellite network would increase the chances
of saving lives, reducing injuries, and decreasing
property losses.  

third world countries are not the only areas where
concern for improved communications links during
emergencies is prevalent.  britain has been without a
national warning system for some time, creating
concern among many officials.  "today's concerns are
not flying bombs, but flooding, nuclear accidents,
perhaps even...terrorists.  people should also be
warned if hazardous materials were being transported
through their area...many people would not be aware of
a disaster affecting their area under the government's
policy...this could be done comparatively cheaply
using the latest technology...co-ordination between
different parts of the country is essential to prevent
a national disaster."[endnote 8] 

the national institute for urban search and rescue
established some guidelines for a national crisis
information center architecture.  these include:

 deliver the right information 
 to the right people
 within the "action "cycle"
 to save the greatest number of lives

these guidelines provide a good framework to describe
what functionalities will be required of our
information system and how the implementation of the
nii will help us successfully get to where we need to
be.  while nii will add many functional capabilities,
it also will assist us in solving the problems
associated with some that already exist.  current
solutions often are in the wrong place, unknown, or
unavailable to emergency managers and the general
public.

part ii:  where are we now?

lately, disasters appear to be occurring on a more
frequent basis than during previous years.  emergency
managers need a similar rate of availability and
capability in information technology tools to prepare
for and respond to the increasing frequency and scope
of disasters.  while recent major disasters are
memorable, the increased rate of occurrence of
disasters is remarkable.  disasters in the 80's were
nearly twice as frequent as disasters in the 70's.  in
the last 2 years alone, we have experienced (a) the
largest earthquake in modern california experience,
(b) the most costly hurricane in history and the
strongest in decades, (c) a midwest flood which
exceeded the once in every 500 years flood levels, and
(d) one of the most devastating and widespread
ice/snow storms in the century.  according to some
weather forecasters, the country has entered a period
of extremely destructive weather patterns. 
  
emergency managers utilize information technology-
based systems to augment their efforts.  many of
these, however, are cumbersome and/or unable to fully
meet the needs of the emergency managers. 
implementation of the nii will enhance systems and the
ability to use them.  currently, there exist many
databases with information addressing most of the
different phases of emergency management. but in many
cases, queries are still originated and received on
paper.   for example, there is a fire incident
database with information of fires that have occurred
all across the nation.  to query data from it, a
written request is made which results in a batch run
against the data base.  the printouts generated are
mailed to the requester.  with the nii infrastructure
in place, a fire chief in some small town twenty miles
north of cut bank, montana, would have direct online
access to this (and other) emergency management data
that better equip the local emergency managers to
perform their life saving jobs.  

warning systems

the national warning system (nawas) is a
communications system originally designed and
implemented in the 1950's as a means of notifying and
preparing for a nuclear attack.  fortunately the
system was never used for its intended purpose, but
has proven invaluable to local emergency managers
responding to or coping with natural disasters. 
today, the system consists of what is effectively a
2200+ telephone party line.  obviously, it is more
than a normal telephone system.  the phone instruments
are designed to provide protection for lightening
strikes so they may be used during storms.  the
interconnecting lines are provided some protection and
avoid local telephone switches.  this ensures they are
available even when the local system is  down or
overloaded.  the system is used by local officials
thousands of times a year for emergency management
coordination and response.  one typical scenario is
the use of the system during tornadoes. as storms are
sighted, emergency managers in one town or county can
communicate with their colleagues in other counties
who are in the path of the storm, advising them as to
direction, speed, and intensity.  the drawback to this
system is it relies on human intervention.  if there
is no one there to receive the communications the
warning is not disseminated.  this has resulted in
missed tornado warnings.  today modernization and
automation are planned in most telecommunications
systems.
  
as a national weather service white paper states, this
is a systemic problem.  "there is a growing concern
that the communication revolution with all its
capability, is at the same  time isolating the public
from locally issued warnings.  while the figures vary
slightly depending on the source, around 30% of all
radio and television stations are automated or remote
via satellite; 65% of all homes are connected to cable
television with little or no local programming; and
80% of homes have a video cassette recorder and/or
video games connected to their sets.  all theses
situations limit the public's access to hazardous
event information."[endnote 9]  once again, emergency
planning is looking to address improved public
awareness of emergencies.

the national weather service has expressed a great
deal of interest in upgrading the emergency broadcast
system (ebs), since weather-related incidents comprise
about 85% of the activations of the system.  the
current system requires several steps before the alert
can be sent.  in some instances, such as a tornado,
getting the message in and out of the process exceeds
the life-span of the tornado. 

emergency broadcast system

in 1951, president truman established the first
national alerting system called conelrad (control of
electromagnetic radiation) to broadcast on 640 or 1240
khz during an emergency alert to the public so enemy
missiles could not use transmission from broadcast
stations as a guide for their targets.  by the early
1960's the development of missile guidance systems
made the conelrad system obsolete.  in 1963, president
kennedy established the ebs which was later further
expanded through an interagency effort with the fcc,
fema and the national weather service (nws), to permit
the system to be used for state and local emergencies. 
since that time, generations of americans, while
watching television or listening to the radio, have
been suddenly interrupted by an obnoxious tone that is
followed by the familiar phrase "this is a test of the
emergency broadcast system.  if this had been an
actual emergency... ."  while this message was
intended to save lives, studies show the public has
become desensitized to the weekly ebs test.  so what
happens when there is a real emergency?  too
frequently, nothing.

since 1989, the federal communications commission
(fcc) has been conducting a serious evaluation of the
over 40-year-old ebs.  after all, the threat of
nuclear attack is no longer as strong.  mostly, it is



from jseiger@eff.org  thu sep 15 14:01:40 1994
received: from [192.77.172.171] (figallo.eff.org [192.77.172.171]) by eff.org (8.6.9/8.6.6) with smtp id oaa18662 for ; thu, 15 sep 1994 14:01:37 -0400
message-id: <199409151801.oaa18662@eff.org>
x-sender: jseiger@eff.org
mime-version: 1.0
content-type: text/plain; charset="us-ascii"
date: thu, 15 sep 1994 14:01:41 -0500
to: mech@eff.org
from: gopher@ntiaunix1.ntia.doc.gov (gopher) (by way of jseiger@eff.org (jonah
 seiger))
subject: [complete document]
status: o

used to communicate pending natural disaster warnings. 
each year the fcc receives more than 2000 notices of
ebs activation for disasters like tornadoes, flash
floods and man-made occurrences such as chemical
spills.

while the current system can be effective if your
television or radio is turned on, unfortunately
emergencies do not always happen at such convenient
times.  a new system to replace ebs is being developed
by the fcc in cooperation with fema, noaa, and the
white house communications agency that will maximize
the avenues available on the nii to provide
instantaneous emergency information to the public.

most recently in march 1994, vice president gore
addressed a new initiative of the administration to
provide early warning information to the public.  the
noaa weather radio and other emergency systems such as
ebs which were designed to upgrade emergency
communications were part of this "all hazards"
approach to providing information which will open an
important link into the nii.

preparation and response systems

when a disaster does occur, the type and level of
response to it depends on the size and nature of the
disaster.  most disasters are handled at the local or
state level.  if a disaster requires federal response,
it comes from various agencies each with main and
supporting roles.  the federal emergency management
agency is responsible for coordinating federal
response to most disasters.
  
in a federal response, typically, a disaster field
office (dfo) is established in the disaster area with
one or more disaster assistance centers,  the dfo is
the central federal coordinating facility for the
disaster and is staffed with representatives from many
different federal departments and agencies.  numerous
information systems support these federal responders. 
initially, transportable communications are used if
the local communication infrastructure is unavailable. 
information systems include local area networks and
other stand alone systems.  disaster victims apply for
assistance from one or more federal, state, or local
agencies either in person or by phone through a
teleregistration process.  this application processing
can be lengthy, and in a major disaster it can require
hours of waiting in one line after another. 
application for the various assistance programs is
usually done separately, once an applicant figures out
which if any program he or she is eligible for.  the
teleregistration process was instituted by fema to
reduce some of that waiting time.

emergency management education is handled through many
different processes.  from federal level, the primary
processes for delivering of this education is done
through on-site training courses and correspondence
courses.  while effective, these training efforts
could be enhanced through more automated efforts. 
automation will require not only automating the means
of delivery (the source of the training), but also
significant improvements will be needed in the
communications links and systems on the receiving end.
the 23 members of the national communications system
(ncs) are federal departments and agencies that work
together to achieve interoperable communications on
the federal level.  originally chartered to ensure the
availability of communications to federal officials in
times of disasters or significant stress on public
communications systems, the members of the ncs are
currently also concerned with the availability of
communications during disasters and the restoration of
public communications after a disaster occurs.

the general services administration (gsa) regional
emergency communications coordinators  participate in
disaster recovery operations as the ncs on-site
coordinator.  fema, other federal, state and local
agencies, and the american red cross must have
telecommunications to begin disaster recovery
operations.  fema in particular generally supplies its
own communications infrastructure during initial
response efforts due to possible unavailability of
public systems.  gsa coordinates with the
telecommunication vendors assuring that the public
telephone network is restored and trunks, lines, data
and facsimile transmissions, switches, radio
equipment, and other portable telecommunication
equipment is available and operational.  they make
rearrangements for telecommunication services when
systems become overloaded.

highly reliable and available communications in and
after disasters is provided by a high frequency (hf)
radio system when other systems are damaged or
destroyed.  the hf radios are commonly available in
all federal agencies, in regional offices, and in
state emergency centers.  they are also used in
disaster response when other communications systems
are not available.  for example, for the first 24
hours, hf radio deployed by the federal emergency
management agency (fema), was the only means of off-
island communications after the recent hurricane
struck the virgin islands.  hf radios are considered a
backup to other media due to the relatively slow data
rate and other limitations.

in some cases communications and information systems
lack compatibility and interoperability.  overcoming
these types of problems and providing enhanced
capabilities as well as functionality will directly
improve emergency management systems.  

part iii:  where do we want to be?

just as the personal computer revolutionized the
computer industry, the nii will revolutionize
emergency management.  we can foresee some of the
implications, but once in place, the user community
will explore, expand, and develop radical enhancements
and improvements we do not even foresee.  it is
obvious that the nii will result in vast improvements
in the information support of emergency management and
the integration of emergency managers and their
processes.  identifying short term goals offers
fertile examples upon which we can build an
infrastructure that exploits currently available
technologies.  

the foundation in preparedness is planning how to
handle the disaster.  the art of perfecting how to
respond to disasters is enhanced by the ability to
bring together the key players for periodic exercises
which simulate actual disaster. these simulations can
be just desktop programs or more realistic
reinactments that serve to clarify who does what and
how to get it done, and resolves the handling of a
wide range of problems.  the implementation of the nii
will result in dramatic enhancements in the
information systems used in these simulations.

accessibility

the measure of our nation's success in implementing
the nii will include measuring the ability of the
volunteer fire chief or other emergency manager, in a
small  town somewhere in the nation, to use the nii in
serving the public.  for this to occur, we must ensure
the nii is not just an entertainment-oriented network
of limited "upstream" operational capabilities.  it
must incorporate bidirectional high speed networking
capabilities that support the needs of the of the on-
the-scene local emergency managers.

ease of use

to meet the needs of the public and the emergency
management community, the implementation of nii must
include a user interface that is multilingual, and
designed for use by individuals of varying educational
levels, skills, and abilities.  according to reports
of the department of labor, there will be a
substantial increase in minorities, immigrants and
women entering the workforce by the year 2000.[endnote
10] immigrants will represent the largest share of the
increase in population, more than 600,000 annually. 
for many it will be the first exposure to english.
 
it is essential that ease of use, by many different
types of people, be a design criteria for most
information systems supporting emergencies.  emergency
management, including public alerting systems, must be
broadbased enough to service an english speaking as
well as non-english speaking  public.  this public
also includes, and the system must support, persons
with a wide spectrum of disabilities.  a system that
supports only english speaking, computer-literate
consumers will fail to meet the requirements of the
citizens and the emergency managers who support them.

during emergency situations, there is no time to
learn.  people are excited, worried, and/or confused. 
a hazardous material response team from a small town
fire department needs a system that provides easy
access (on a random, probably infrequent basis)
without a learning curve or the need to recall
intricate access methods.  similarly, an earthquake
victim who speaks and reads only spanish will find an
english-only system useless. fortunately, this need
for multicultural, multilingual, easy access systems
is something that fits into exactly what the nii can
provide.  it simply needs to be a design criteria for
the user interface.

survivability

the nii must include protection to ensure that service
continues to be available even in the most adverse
conditions.  growth in the dependence on nii
capabilities will require those capabilities be
available in times of emergencies when some key
elements of the infrastructure may be damaged or
destroyed.  currently, a hurricane or other windstorm
almost always renders the existing cellular telephone
systems unusable due to downed antennas.  land-line
based telephone systems may or may not be available. 
during earthquakes, the same system outages may occur. 
following the loma prieta earthquake, the only
dependable telephone connections between washington
disaster response centers and the san francisco area
were via an emergency telephone system which bypasses
the public switched telephone network (pstn).  in this
case, the local pstn was to some degree operable, but
it was overloaded by the public trying to contact
friends and relatives to determine or relay their safe
being.

some portions of an infrastructure are more likely to
survive a disaster than others.  as noted earlier,
high frequency radios such as those used in many
emergency centers or by amateur radio operators or
even citizens band radios are often operational after
a severe storm (possibly running on backup power). 
but these systems are severely limited in their
ability to pass large amounts of data in a timely
fashion and as a result can provide voice
communications but can not support many of the other
requirements of emergency managers responding to a
disaster.  

public support

the availability and capabilities of information tools
and systems to the public will be enhanced through the
nii.  the public will both have better access to data,
easier communications with emergency management
officials, and will be better served by the emergency
managers responsible for disaster mitigation,
preparation, education, and response.   through the
nii the public will have the ability to electronically
obtain public awareness information as well as
receiving warnings of impending disasters.  emergency
responders will be equipped to support the public
through many improvements brought about by the nii
including better training in more realistic
simulations and exercises. 

emergency managers/responders support

emergency managers and other front line responders
have unique requirements for information accessibility 
and dissemination which will also be enhanced through
the use of the nii.  in this area, the capabilities of
the nii to move, display, and analyze data will
significantly enhance the emergency manager's ability
to provide assistance to the public and other
emergency managers.  the high speed data transfer
available through the nii will supply significantly
increased functions to local emergency managers
including allowing them direct access to modeling,
situation assessment data, public and private data
repositories, multimedia simulations for training
sessions, and many other functions.  

following are some examples of specific problems and
potential nii solutions.   while the public and the
emergency management community all benefit from any of
the improvements available through the nii, the
example benefits can be grouped into 3 logical groups. 
these three categories are: within the emergency
management community, from the emergency management
community to the public, and from the public to the
emergency management community.

within the emergency management community

problem -- access to and delivery of training. 
training of emergency managers and the general public
is essential to emergency management programs.  today,
training materials are generally developed by
emergency managers at all levels who have limited
access to other sources of emergency management data. 
while data supporting their efforts may exist in many
places, knowledge of and access to the data is often
on a haphazard basis.

 possible nii-driven solution.  using nii tools,
  emergency management will have a greatly improved
  ability to obtain "distance learning" training
  directly to their localities.  this training will
  have the added impact and effectiveness with the
  capabilities nii will provide. interactive,
  multimedia training with high speed computer-based
  models will provide realistic and real-time
  training scenarios.  given the opportunity to
  acquire knowledge through exposure to various
  computer models, emergency managers will be better
  able to help the public.

problem -- common access and understanding of data. 
the public and emergency managers currently have
access to some types of emergency management data but
not all users have the tools and communications links
to achieve that access.  in addition, there often is
confusion in terminology.

 possible nii-driven solution.  implementation of
  the nii can provide the access path and resource
  components for a data repository of emergency
  management information;  in effect, an online data
  dictionary and textual database for emergency
  management.  now all levels of emergency managers
  and the public will have equal access to
  information and its relationships.  this repository
  will allow any emergency manager or any public
  citizen easy access to emergency management data
  and the relationships between the data.  a local
  manager will have the ability to quickly find out
  the details behind a particular emergency
  management term or technique.  additionally, as an
  easily accessed repository via the nii, the user
  will also be in a position to do key word searches
  throughout emergency management publications.  
  with this ability a local user can easily
  understand how a term is used in relationship to a
  grant application or a required report.

problem -- shortage of and limited access to computer-
base modeling for mitigation purposes.    
historically, lack of early simulation and projection
have cost our communities loss of human life and
property. today, lack of applying disaster simulation
to current communities may cost us loss of property
and lives tomorrow.   currently, computer modeling
capabilities for mitigation purposes exist to some
degree.  however, the models are limited and are
generally unavailable to local emergency managers. 
the significant advantages this capability offers in
mitigation efforts as well as planning and exercising
(i.e., realistic model-driven exercise scenarios) are
clear.  the gap between modeling capabilities and the
federal, state, and local level emergency management
community must be overcome. 

 possible-nii driven solution.  access to and
  availability of natural disaster computer models
  and the resources required to run them with
  different potential scenarios would be invaluable
  to local emergency managers.  this capability would
  allow local officials to run tests and exercises
  based on real life expectations of damage  it would
  support other local officials by allowing them  to
  automate planning and zoning studies through model
  projections of the potential for floods and/or the
  impacts of storm surges in defining "no build"
  locations.  earthquake or flood prone locations
  will have increased ability to do such things as
  modeling of impacts on public structures or
  evaluating and testing various architectural plans
  prior to construction.  positioning of facilities
  needing special care during a disaster could also
  be studied prior to construction providing an
  opportunity to evaluate various location in the
  areas of potential damage as well as evacuation
  processes.

  the ability to have quick evaluations produced and
  delivered to the local official's desk will enable
  more extensive and more frequent evaluations, thus
  reducing construction or planning delays.
  implementation of the nii will support the mixed
  use of emergency management automated tools
  enhancing local decision making as well as avoiding
  costly mistakes on locating and positioning
  facilities.

problem -- access to disaster data as it is occurring. 
during, or in preparation for, emergency response
efforts, emergency managers need to share and
collaborate on varying types of information. 
multimedia interactive sharing across thousands of
miles (as opposed to a local area network) will allow
better preparation for disasters and enhanced training
of emergency managers.

to explore one of the problems of local emergency
managers and how the nii will help them, take an
imaginary (but very potentially real) scenario.  a
hurricane is tracking directly towards sussex county,
delaware.  with data on the strength of the storm,
other climatic information, and track predictions,
high-speed computers could run models to predict
several different impact scenarios.   given a fast
computer and communications links, good models and
input data could allow local emergency managers to
determine potential requirements for evacuations based
on potential wind strengths.  the state and local
emergency managers have many decisions to make prior
to landfall. for example:  what will be the storm's
impact?  do we evacuate? total evacuation or partial
(i.e., possibly just residents of trailer homes or
only those directly on the waterfront)?  if so, what
routes will be safe and where do we send the people
for safety?  if evacuations are ordered are there
special populations (hospitals, nursing homes,
prisons) in the danger area needing special assistance
to evacuate?  

 possible nii-driven solution.  currently many
  questions on preparedness can be addressed, but the
  answers are not available when and where they are
  needed in the state and local offices.  what's
  missing is the infrastructure that will result from
  implementation of the nii.  with an infrastructure
  in place, storm strength and track data is
  collected, photographic images, and computer-
  generated images could be quickly and easily
  transmitted to the state and local officials (as
  well as any federal officials on site).  access to
  census data, integrated with geographic
  information, could identify special populations in
  any threat zone as well as indicate overall
  evacuation populations and the potential impact on
  evacuation routes.  wind damage estimates also
  coupled with the census data could identify
  communities under special threat (i.e., trailer
  parks).  using the nii we will have a system which
  provides an integration and delivery of the data
  and the answers to the people making the decisions. 

problem -- limitations in sharing experiences in
disaster preparation and response. federal, state, and
especially local emergency managers need access to
existing data and new sources of data.  on one hand,
there is a great deal of existing data.  as noted
before, one problem with this data is that its
existence is not well publicized (an educational
issue).  a second problem is simply providing access. 
a third problem is that much data is not correlated
with other data and, even with the existing data,
additional data sources for emergency managers are
needed.

 possible nii-driven solution.  from a data
  standpoint, several actions are required.  access
  to existing data sources could be made easier and
  integrated.  as this effort is undertaken,
  additional requirements for new data repositories
  will be identified.  for example, a lessons learned
  database for emergency managers (including front
  line response personnel) could be evolved out of
  existing systems with added data fields and
  sources.  

problem -- accessing damage for initial assessments. 
information technology is currently used in many
different ways to support emergency management.  one
important area is in coordinating  response efforts. 
done in the "heat of battle" emergency response
requires quick, decisive action.  that action must be
coordinated among different responders (the number and
type depending on the circumstances and type of
disaster).  while we have made progress, the gao noted
a significant problem: "the coordination problems and
lack of timely damage assessment reports delayed the
federal response to storm victims."[endnote 11]

 possible nii-driven solution.  the emergency
  management community has made improvements since
  that report.  however, the nii will provide the
  opportunity for quantum improvements in the ability
  to coordinate emergency response information
  dissemination, and the gathering, transmission, and
  interpretation of damage assessments.  with the
  implementation of the nii infrastructure and next
  generation computers and virtual imagery, an
  emergency management official responsible for
  assessing damage and planning response effort will
  be able to "virtually" walk/drive/fly around a
  disaster scene gathering data, planning the
  response effort, and starting the delivery of the
  appropriate type and level of assistance.

  in some instances, implementation of the nii by
  itself, will have no impact on emergency
  management.  however,  merger of nii and other
  technologies will provide tremendous improvements
  in emergency management and public safety.  as
  described earlier, in the aftermath of some
  disasters, many core elements of the infrastructure
  will be inoperable.

problem -- lack of ground communications after a
disaster.  on august 24, 1992, hurricane andrew struck
the southeastern florida coast.  within hours the
worst of the storm had moved on, leaving much of the
information infrastructure in shambles. 
"communications in the south florida area were
severely damaged.....  nearly all cellular base
station towers in the area had been blown down or
damaged to the point of being inoperable."[endnote 12]



from jseiger@eff.org  thu sep 15 14:01:50 1994
received: from [192.77.172.171] (figallo.eff.org [192.77.172.171]) by eff.org (8.6.9/8.6.6) with smtp id oaa18675 for ; thu, 15 sep 1994 14:01:47 -0400
message-id: <199409151801.oaa18675@eff.org>
x-sender: jseiger@eff.org
mime-version: 1.0
content-type: text/plain; charset="us-ascii"
date: thu, 15 sep 1994 14:01:50 -0500
to: mech@eff.org
from: gopher@ntiaunix1.ntia.doc.gov (gopher) (by way of jseiger@eff.org (jonah
 seiger))
subject: [complete document]
status: o

on top of this damage, many surface-based phone posts
and lines were down, seriously reducing normal
telephone communications capabilities.  any strong
storm with high winds is going to seriously disrupt
communications, reducing the effectiveness of
emergency management responders as well as exposing
the public to potential health and safety problems if
they are unable to contact police, fire, and medical
support.  

 possible nii-driven solution.  the technology and
  interconnectivity coming out of the nii
  implementation will be coupled with current
  research and development in producing a product to
  meet our needs.  a small drone aircraft with the
  capability to stay aloft for 3-4 days hovering in a
  tight circle could be equipped with very high speed
  computers (acting as switching equipment) and
  updated  radio equipment.  the equipment will
  provide a mobile cellular system.   the aircraft
  will have staying power, and will allow the
  cellular system to be positioned high enough to
  service a wide area.  we would have a rapid
  temporary replacement cellular phone service. (a
  potential alternative or complementary technology
  could be low orbit satellite communications as that
  technology emerges.)

problem -- up-to-the-minute fire status and
predictions. lives have been lost and unnecessary
property damage done because weather information, such
as wind velocity and direction, and  fire spread
patterns have been inaccessible to the fire fighting
unit.  early evacuation and creating fire breaks could
have been done had the appropriate information been
accessible in the field with the fire unit.  the
similar but unique requirements of a fire fighting
unit can be met by implementing the nii
infrastructure.

 possible nii-driven solution.  with the nii, a fire
  unit fighting large wide-spread fires, such as last
  years devastating fires in southern california,
  could call up a computer model to generate an up-
  to-the-minute fire spread prediction.  fire spread
  projections overlaid on gis maps could be visually
  displayed right in the on-the-scene fire fighting
  vehicle allowing better utilization of the
  resources and warning of possible fire spread which
  cuts off evacuation  routes from the scene.
 
problem -- quick access to data and computer models for
first line responders.   crews responding to hazardous
material spills have their own set of unique
requirements.  although there are existing databases
of hazardous materials and how to handle them, crews
do not have on-site, on-line access to such data. 
simulation  tools, allowing for chemical compound
modelling and associated affects of chemical mixing,
are not currently employed.  often emergency on-site
crews are not aware of the full toxicities, vapor
drift and dispersion projections, and other associated
dangers when responding to a hazardous chemical
emergency.

 possible nii-driven solution.  using the facilities
  of the nii and possibly high speed computers under
  the hpcc effort, a hazmat responder could quickly
  access automated chemical models.  with that
  access, the responder could obtain the models
  prediction of the effects of the interaction of the
  chemicals, how to respond to the incident,
  toxicity,  vapor drift projections, and best
  cleanup methods.  these enhancements will reduce
  physical risk to the responders,  increase their
  effectiveness, and improve the safety of the
  public.

>from the emergency management community to the public

problem -- government presents many faces to disaster
victims.  following a disaster, there are numerous
federal programs designed to assist the public recover
from the impact.  some of these programs are simply
day-to-day support such as food and housing, others
are designed to assist in recovery efforts, while
other programs are low interest loans to rebuild small
businesses.  in a time of confusion resulting from the
disaster, the public is faced with numerous programs
for which they may or may not qualify, from various
different federal offices, with different application
and qualification requirements.  this is a federal
government attempting to assist, yet presenting a
confusing and frustrating face to the public.  

 possible nii-driven solution.  the obvious solution
  to this problem is to present one unified face to
  the public.  that solution has been talked about
  for years as federal government reorganization
  plans are developed and redeveloped.  part of the
  problem is that certain programs seem better
  positioned (and executed) in different agencies,
  and the consolidation would require moving major
  programs from one agency to another.  a solution
  that allows this integration without reorganization
  is provided by the nii.  the nii will allow
  integration of the presentation of programs,
  application for them, and evaluation of eligibility
  for disaster support programs provided across the
  federal government; the result, a virtual federal
  disaster assistance agency.

problem -- dissemination of emergency information.  one
problem in any disaster is getting information to the
emergency managers as well as the public.  often
different technologies are used for these different
requirements due to the differences in need.  in
general there lacks sufficient low cost capability to
get extensive amounts of data to either of the groups. 
for the emergency managers, speed, quantity of data,
varied media (text, digital, video, and audio), and
the  integration of the data dictate delivery
requirements.  for the public, speed and duration of
the data being provided direct the delivery
requirements.  immediately before a disaster, the
public needs warning messages.  after the disaster,
recovery information such as where to locate
resources, what response and recovery actions are
underway, and how to apply for and get assistance
needs to be conveyed.

 possible nii-driven solution.  another example of
  merging the results of implementing the nii with
  other technologies involves dissemination of
  emergency management information to the public as
  well as emergency managers.  with the nii
  infrastructure in place, direct delivery of
  broadcast messages can be aimed at a selected set
  of receivers.  examples of this include the ability
  of emergency management public affairs officers to
  transmit public information (i.e., locations of
  disaster assistance centers, or precautions to take
  before reentering a damaged structure) via
  satellite to cable tv head ends and other broadcast
  media for use as scroll bars on the bottom of tv
  images.  another use would be to direct imagery or
  other large data formats to local emergency
  management officials preparing for, or involved in,
  responding to a disaster.

problem -- ensure the public receives warnings and
takes appropriate action.  often people are at risk of
an impending disaster and are unaware of warnings
being broadcast by emergency managers.  even if the
emergency managers were transmitting a life saving
message, unless the public was actively seeking
information, they would  still be unaware of the
pending danger.  most warning systems are not
generally self-activated.

 possible nii-driven solution.  the nii, through the
  cooperative efforts of federal agencies, will  have
  the ability to reach people that are at risk
  without those people actively seeking information. 
  information will be provided instantaneously and
  clearly to the targeted population, and inform them
  where to go for more in-depth information.  major
  improvements will include a new generation of ebs
  equipment that has the capability of interacting
  with cable and other communications technologies to
  take a proactive role in alerting the public to
  immediate danger.  

  imagine, you are enjoying an evening with friends,
  listening to the latest cd when suddenly a loud
  series of warning tones cuts off your cd and turns
  on your cable tv to a message that advises, "a
  tornado will hit your area in three minutes.  take
  cover."  you and your friends take protective
  action in time to save your lives.  a wide range of
  enhanced emergency alerting equipment is in
  prototype now, that could bring about this positive
  scenario.  testing has shown that the proposed new
  generation of equipment in the public and private
  sector will offer more than 30 options to the
  consumer that can turn-on and turn-off consumer
  alerting equipment such as personal pagers, cable
  television sets, cd players, vcrs, television and
  radio receivers, car radios and emergency detectors
  with a barrage of beeps, buzzes, strobes, sirens,
  audio messages, video crawls and other appropriate
  alerting sights and sounds that will make each
  equipment unique for its user.  systems for the
  visually impaired, deaf, hard-of-hearing, and
  bilingual audiences will also benefit from
  equipment that serves everyone equally.  that same
  equipment will provide emergency information  
  within a matter of seconds   to a home, a hospital,
  a neighborhood or the entire county or state. 
  federal, state, and local government emergency
  communications centers, television and radio
  stations, cable facilities, and satellite and
  mobile systems will transmit and receive specific
  emergency alerts in a reliable competitive
  environment that promotes maximum safety to the
  public.  this planned use of the nii will serve the
  nation into the next century.

>from the public to the emergency management community 
  
problem -- verification of victim eligibility.  when a
disaster victim applies for assistance, that
person/family must meet certain criteria.  for
instance, to obtain assistance in repairing a home,
the applicant must be the owner of the home.  for some
programs, the applicant must demonstrate an income
which is less than an established cutoff level. 
unfortunately, as described previously, some disasters
are so extensive and destructive and some times papers
providing such simple proofs are no longer available.  

 possible nii-driven solution.  efforts under the
  nii, specifically establishing an electronic
  government, could be expanded to allow disaster
  application centers direct access to selected
  government data bases.  data supporting the
  necessary verifications currently exist in
  government data bases.  for instance, an applicant
  with nothing more than a driver's license or some
  other acceptable id could walk up to an application
  taker and provide whatever information is
  available, i.e., home location.  the application
  processor through nii-provided access to va and hud
  home loan databases or local property tax roles,
  could verify home ownership.  or, a citizen could
  authorize access to social security or irs data
  bases to verify income and rapidly determine the
  applicant's qualification for income-based
  assistance.   access to state and local data will
  also enhance the delivery of emergency management
  to the public.  electronic verification and
  qualification of a disaster victim using existing
  government data will speed up and improve our
  efficiency in direct support of the victims.

part iv:  how are we going to get there?

there are various avenues that can speed the
implementation of the nii and its effectiveness within
the emergency management community.  there are also
accompanying questions that once discussed will assure
those contributions will have a lasting impact.

even after access to on-line emergency management
information is made easier, there is a lack of access
tools in the hands of the front line emergency
responders.  to reach an acceptable level of success,
computers with access to the nii must reside in every
local emergency management facility.  for example,
each of the over 30,000 separate fire departments in
the united states need an access point, so does each
state and local emergency management office.   there
is a separate nii requirement which complements this
"need of access" from the emergency management
facilities.  this is the requirement to provide
universal accessibility to the public.  a merger of
these requirements could result in access to the nii
and enhance the relationships between local emergency
management officials and the local community.  the
question for discussion is then,  should access points
be established in local fire or police departments
serving the emergency responders as well as should
access points be established for members of the local
community who do not have their own access?

the problems associated with making insurance company
data available to emergency managers need to be
resolved.  there are conflicting issues here, business
sensitive data versus emergency management requisite
for data, which need to be  in order to facilitate
emergency processes and decision making.  there should
be some compromise position that meets both
requirements.  the question for discussion is,  should
emergency managers have access to insurance data
including loss data to assist them in assessing the
potential impact from or actual loss due to a
disaster?

fire, police, and other health and safety personnel
need the ability to locate people who have summoned
aid, but are for whatever reason, unable to
communicate their location.  telephone systems have
the ability to trace back phone calls that can be of
great use in responding to a land- line generated
request for assistance.  cellular systems have a
similar but unused capability, while not providing
specific information they can at minimum identify the
cell originating the call.  the question for
discussion is, what, if any, action should be
initiated to require cellular providers to provide
call tracing capabilities for emergency responders?

the federal government could achieve improved
efficiency through the use of the virtual agency
concept to eliminate redundant systems from multiple
agencies.  the gits efforts on the interconnection of
federal agencies should help achieve this.  in the
mode of streamlining government, one federal agency
could be tasked with the responsibility for emergency
management information systems.  this would
consolidate interoperable (federal, state and local)
systems which provide similar methods of access and
use.  reduction in conflicting and overlapping systems
would provide obvious benefits.  by example, the nii
would be better able to energize the delivery of
emergency communications and maximize the
effectiveness of emergency managers.  the larger
question then becomes, to what extent should
information systems be integrated under one agency and
to what extent should various departments or agencies
still remain responsible for different types of
disasters?

one of the keys to successfully implementing the nii
to improve emergency management is the use of multiple
technologies.  using similar technologies and multiple
technologies often allows for more avenues of
communications to be accessible during emergencies. 
as an example, some questions have been raised regarding
the need for modernizing the ebs in lieu of
a more widespread use of, and expansion of the nws,
noaa weather radio network.  ebs and nwr are
complementary systems serving different audiences and
needs.  the ebs provides an initial alerting function
to the public, while the nwr provides extensive follow
up information.  the question is, does a lack of
technology aid or detract from the on-scene
responder's ability to reduce the complexities imposed
on state and local emergency managers?

there are also some technologies under investigation
which are unrelated to information technologies, but
could directly or indirectly support emergency
management functions.  they include:  nasa's research
on small pilotless drones with extended (3-7 days)
aloft time;  the arpa and hpcc miniaturization and
high speed efforts;  and the dod research into the use
of satellites for direct, selected delivery of
information to ground base systems.  the question is,
to what extent should the emergency management
community monitor these types of activities to ensure
such research and development efforts consider
emergency management requirements and potential use?  

a critical discussion point on how are we going to get
there must be centered on what action comes next.  is
the action developmental, such as when or if a common
system should be built; or is it implementation-
oriented, such as who should lead the discussion on
integrating the nii within the emergency management
community?  the larger question then becomes,  should
the federal government assume the lead in forming
partnerships with state and local emergency managers
and independent associations of emergency managers? 
if so,  should these partnerships address integration,
dissemination, and access to data sources across all
levels (federal, state and local) and phases
(mitigation, preparation and training, response, and
recovery) of emergency management? 

both at the domestic and international level the
knowledge base on emergency communications is growing.
government, scholars, practitioners, and the public
are ever sensitive to the need to maximize the number
of solutions that can reduce the loss of life,
injuries, and property when natural and manmade
disasters strike.  many experts in cross disciplines
are finding they can contribute to the field of
emergency management when brought together in
established or ad hoc situations.  according to a
leading expert in the field of natural hazards, dr.
dennis mileti, "hazards do not happen in insolation. 
therefore, we must work at all levels to maximize the
number of participants from various fields working
together to expand and share resources and knowledge. 
the goal must be to ensure societal resiliency and
environmental sustainability regardless of the
hazard."[endnote 13]

the nii can provide the pivotal role in convening a
forum comprised of a cross section of experts, both
within and outside of government, to explore,
integrate, and implement strategies that will
strengthen the emergency management community and
subsequently provide the ultimate public service of
saving lives.

references

fema renewal, federal emergency management agency
national performance review report; sept. 7, 1993;
page 2.

"coping with catastrophe." national academy of public
administration, february 1993; page viii.

the flood of 1993.  associated press, st. martin's
press.  estimates the cost at $21 billion dollars --
the most expensive record.

ibid.  although the exact dollar amount may never by
known, the damage could rival the billions spent on
recovery from hurricane andrew.

healey, jon.  "critics call for a better way to deal
with catastrophes," congressional quarterly weekly
report, vol. 52, issue 4, january 29, 1994, page 167-
169.

national research council,  facing the challenge,
national academy press, washington, dc 1994.

ibid.  chapter 5.  international cooperation, pages
63-70.

grigsby, john, "councils sound the alarm," the daily
telegraph, november 11, 1993, page 20.

krudwig, lawrence.  communicating warnings and safety
information to the public.  national weather service
central region, kansas city, missouri.

"executive summary,"  workforce 2000, hudson
institute, indianapolis, indiana, june 1987.  the
report goes on to note that non-white, women and
immigrants will make up more than five sixths fo the
net additions to the workforce.  education will be an
important concern.

u.s. general accounting office, disaster assistance -
dod's support for hurricanes andrew and iniki and
typhoon omar, gao/nsiad-93-180 (washington, dc; gao,
june 1993), page 6.
last updated:  september 7, 1994


public empowerment with environmental information


draft for public comment


part i: what is the application arena?
     
description of public empowerment with environmental information
     
the clinton administration has articulated a vision of enhancing
the environment through greater public education and broader
dissemination of environmental information.  this vision
recognizes that the diffusion of useful information is a key
strategy for preserving our planet. the information revolution
provides new opportunities to empower the public and private
sectors to find solutions that provide enormous environmental and
economic benefits.
     
some aspects of the national information infrastructure (nii)
will serve as an enabling agent in bringing the vast national
investment of observational environmental monitoring data into an
integrated network for scientific, policy, and operational uses. 
yet, the nii will also disseminate environmental information
among the general public, agencies and non-governmental
organizations involved in environmental management including
industry, environmental groups, landowners, educators, students,
and the press.  this nii application of empowering the public
with environmental information is different than making existing
government functions more efficient.  it recognizes that
information is essential for the public to become active partners
with government in protecting the environment.

every day, people make decisions in the market place and in their
ordinary activities that have environmental consequences.  by
giving people the information necessary to evaluate these
consequences, sustainable lifestyles and economic development can
emerge.  the marketplace and community awareness then help to
produce the environmentally beneficial result, complementing 
government action.
     
in order to explore the essential role of information in
environmental  management, we will first discuss the role of
information in such familiar areas as finance, weather, and
sports. these topics will be related back to the main topics at
hand, ecosystem management and environmental protection.

finances and information
     
all of us have personal finances to manage, and most of us
recognize that one's quality of life is affected by one's
finances.  now, imagine a situation in which you lack reliable
information about your income and your spending.  imagine no
payroll statements, no bank statements, no records of checks
written and charges made, and so on.  planning would be
impossible   at any moment you might be faced with bankruptcy.
     
fortunately, most of us don't face this situation.  we receive
plenty of information about our income and spending.  guesswork
should not be necessary.  we are not expected to dig for the
information   we are only expected to use the information and try



from jseiger@eff.org  thu sep 15 14:02:00 1994
received: from [192.77.172.171] (figallo.eff.org [192.77.172.171]) by eff.org (8.6.9/8.6.6) with smtp id oaa18682 for ; thu, 15 sep 1994 14:01:57 -0400
message-id: <199409151801.oaa18682@eff.org>
x-sender: jseiger@eff.org
mime-version: 1.0
content-type: text/plain; charset="us-ascii"
date: thu, 15 sep 1994 14:02:00 -0500
to: mech@eff.org
from: gopher@ntiaunix1.ntia.doc.gov (gopher) (by way of jseiger@eff.org (jonah
 seiger))
subject: [complete document]
status: o

to balance our checkbook.  we get the information we need to
empower us to manage our personal finances, in a form that is
convenient, personal, trustworthy, and supported by expert help
whenever needed.
     
weather and information
     
mark twain pointed out that although everyone talks about the
weather, no one does anything about it.  but strictly speaking,
that isn't true.  when you hear that rain is in the forecast, you
may pick up an umbrella or raincoat.  if it's supposed to be cold
and windy, you wear a warm coat.  you respond to current and
forecasted weather conditions. you can't change the weather, but
you do something about it by reacting, by adapting.
     
we did something else about the weather by working nationally and
internationally to build a weather information infrastructure.
consider how pervasive weather information is.  you hear about
the weather on the radio.  you  see it in the newspaper.  and
television now provides marvelous satellite images and movies,
doppler radar displays, animated graphics, and lively human
commentary to explain current conditions and forecasts.  weather
is part of every local news show, and nationally we have the
weather channel  on cable.  billions of dollars have been spent
on the capabilities to gather weather data and generate and
disseminate forecasts. weather satellites and information
networks provide global coverage.   thousands of lives have been
saved by improved forecasting and warning capabilities, and large
economic losses have been avoided through timely responses to
better predictions.
     
the world of sports information
     
finally, consider sports, another area of pervasive information
flows.  for most of us, sporting events lack the immediate,
direct impacts on our lives of financial situations and weather
events. nonetheless, millions of people are keenly interested in
sports, and an elaborate information infrastructure has been
built around that interest.   sports information captures large
sections of the print media and is inescapable in broadcast
media.  sports has its own publications and radio and television
networks.

one might ask which came first: the overwhelming interest, or the
vast information infrastructure to feed the interest?  it may
well be that the sheer pervasiveness of sports information
elevates sports in american culture in a cycle of positive
reinforcement.
     
part ii:  where are we now?
     
now let us turn to the environment and ecosystem management.  it
is obvious that the environment affects our lives in the most
fundamental ways possible.  moreover,  people are extraordinarily
interested in the environment.  recent polls indicate that nearly
80% of americans call themselves "environmentalists."  more
americans visit museums and zoos every year than attend
professional sporting events.  tens of millions of americans
enjoy various activities outdoors in our ecosystems: hiking,
birding, fishing, hunting, camping, and so on.
     
not only is interest keen in the environment, but unlike the
weather, we can do something to change it.  sometimes, out of
sheer ignorance, we destroy parts of it.  lack of information is
the silent partner of the more prominent agents of environmental
destruction. we eliminate species like the ivory-billed
woodpecker and passenger pigeon.  we introduce species like the
gypsy moth and zebra mussel.  harmful chemicals are disseminated
by human activity and travel across the globe.  we cause
fisheries to collapse. an unfortunate example is the virtual
elimination of the once prolific oyster fishery of the chesapeake
bay.  we destroy hundreds-of-millions of acres of habitat.  in
the united states, we send millions of tons of topsoil into the
rivers every year.
     
there are endless tales of destructive changes to the
environment, but it should be  emphasized that we also make
positive changes.  in the united states, we banned ddt and pcbs
in the 1970s. thanks to the ddt ban, the bald eagle has made an
impressive comeback.  today you can even see the eagle flying
free again over the nation's capital.  internationally, we are
phasing out the manufacture of cfcs, thereby reducing the threat
to the ozone layer.  thousands of americans engage in volunteer 
work to clean up beaches and streams, plant trees, count birds,
maintain hiking trails, and otherwise help the environment. 
americans are recycling and practicing energy conservation with
greater regularity.

in short, unlike the weather, we can do much to change the
environment for the better or worse.  these positive changes came
about through increased public awareness.  given appropriate
information, each of us can be empowered to take positive action
in our daily lives.
     
ecosystem management and sustainable development
     
the administration is committed to an ecosystem management
approach to the environment and the economy.  the concept of
ecosystem management explicitly recognizes the linkages between
economy and ecology and asserts that it is possible both to
promote sustainable development and to protect the environment. 
ecosystem management is a vital approach in the pursuit of
sustainable development.
     
real parallels exist between financial management and ecosystem
management.  if we don't know what our ecological assets are, we
are poorly equipped to safeguard those assets for future
generations.  if we "spend" too much of the natural outputs and
capital of an ecosystem, we see symptoms of impending bankruptcy
such as fisheries collapse, endangered species, and loss of jobs. 
such deficit-spending-style ecosystem management results in what
secretary babbitt calls "train wrecks" like the forest and fish
crisis in the pacific northwest.
     
information is equally critical to financial and ecosystem
management. without information, we cannot manage finances at the
personal, corporate, or government levels; and without
information, we cannot manage personal "backyard," local, or
regional ecosystems.
     
current state of environmental information on nii

we've looked at how pervasive financial, weather, and sports
information is in our culture. as the national information
infrastructure (nii) emerges, we will find all the financial,
weather, and sports information we could possibly want, in fact
more than we can possibly absorb.

how pervasive is environmental information in our lives today? 
consider air pollution as an example.  in most u.s. cities you
might hear a single number, the air quality index, mentioned once
per day for a single air pollutant such as sulfur dioxide.  even
though there is an air quality monitoring program in the region 
with a network of monitoring points, it would take considerable
effort to track down the air quality data for the full range of
pollutants measured, and it might be impossible to obtain current
information.

you won't see an environmental segment on the news with expert
commentators and explanatory graphics to tell you about the
pollution events of the day.  you won't find an environmental
channel you can turn to like the weather channel  on cable to
find out about environmental conditions and forecasts.  you won't
hear which companies are doing better and which worse in their
environmental programs.  you won't see data about habitat loss in
your area in the last day, week, month or year. 

if you recycle, you may have noticed that it's hard to get basic
information about what you can recycle and how to do it.  it
takes great effort to find information about the best ways to
conserve water and energy.  a recent u.s. army corps of engineers
study found that those most willing to conserve water also
reported a lack of information on how to do so.
     
if you're interested in investing, weather, or sports, you can
buy software packages and subscribe to on-line services that will
help you get current information and make your own forecasts and
models.  you can create and follow your own "dream team" for your
favorite sport.  but similar software and services for the
environment are hard to find, if they exist at all.
     
if the environment were a minor sideshow with little or no impact
on our lives, the relative dearth of environmental information
wouldn't matter.  but try telling the people of the pacific
northwest, who have witnessed the simultaneous collapse of their
timber economy and their salmon fishery, that the environment is
not of major importance.  try telling the former oyster fishermen
of the chesapeake bay that what happens in the environment is of
little importance to their lives.
     
if the destruction happens gradually enough and invisibly,
without galvanizing incidents like the catastrophes of bhopal and
the exxon valdez, by the time a threshold is crossed, it is too
late to effectively mitigate the consequences.  we need to make
the gradual, invisible changes visible to people.  financiers and
meteorologists know this lesson. financiers build indicators to
track changes that otherwise would be hidden, and meteorologists
use sensing technologies to "see" events that can't be seen by
the eyes of observers on the ground.  and in sports, instant
replays help us see what happened when we missed it during the
live action.

part iii: where do we want to be?

new strategies
     
to combat harm to the environment, we have relied primarily on
command-and-control strategies   regulations to tell people and
companies what they must or must not do, and often how to do it,
combined with enforcement programs to ensure that the regulations
are followed.  command-and-control approaches have worked to
improve air and water quality in many respects.  however, we are
encountering diminishing returns as we seek to use more
regulation to make more improvements in environmental quality.
     
it seems apparent that the american people dislike government
telling them what to do and how to do it.  the national
performance review suggests that the federal government place
greater reliance on empowerment strategies to, in effect, help
people do the right thing.  recall that 80% of the public say
they are environmentalists.  are there ways to empower them to do
more for the environment, to act out what they say?
     
information is key to an effective empowerment strategy for the
environment.  if our nation were to build an environmental
information infrastructure comparable in capabilities to the
robust information infrastructures we have built for finance,
weather, and sports, we could provide people with environmental
information to empower them.  this kind of empowerment would work
the same way that financial information and forecasts empower us
to make informed choices in our financial management; weather
forecasts empower us to prepare for the weather, and sports
coverage empower us to feel strong emotional involvement with
sporting events.
     
humans can and do affect the environment. our robust weather
information infrastructure follows a linear "observe-forecast-
warn-react" model.  this works quite well for the weather, since
we can't practically change it and can only react to it.  but
this model is too limited for the environment, where the
relationship is more complex   the environment changes us, but we
also change the environment.
     
we need to follow a "feedback" model that acknowledges the
feedbacks between humans, information, and our environment.  in a
feedback situation, information flows can influence human
behavior, and the new behavior changes the environment.  this
kind of feedback also applies to financial markets.  responses to
information about actual events and rumors can cause waves of
buying or panic selling, moving prices up and down.  analysts
know that there is a highly dynamic feedback process between
information and markets. we need to apply this same insight to 
information and ecosystems.  
     
in this feedback model, information has a  fundamental influence
on human behavior that affects the environment.  our ecosystem
management initiatives can succeed only to the extent that we
treat environmental information as a strategic resource and tool. 
we need to put information to work as a tool to empower the
public to protect, restore, and manage ecosystems.

environmental information must be a prominent application of the
nii.  we must create within the nii  an "environmental channel"
to allow people to find, develop, and share the information they
need for empowerment and to catalyze feedback loops, changing
behavior to result in positive changes for the environment.
     
much of the vision described has been technically demonstrated in
other contexts, like the financial, weather, and sports realms. 
also, the environmental resources information network in
australia, the sustainable development information network in
massachusetts, the right-to-know network (rtk-net), and other
advanced practitioners already have demonstrated some of these
capabilities in the environmental arena.  in collaboration with
the united states fish and wildlife service, turner broadcasting
has also created a multi-media  electronic field trip  that
allows students to explore the wetlands environment of the
okefenokee swamp.
     
imagine the time in the not-very-distant future when virtually
every home is connected to the information highway.  it is a
given that you will be able to "surf" through on-demand video
entertainment and engage in interactive home shopping.  it is
also a given that you will have access to a tremendous range of
financial, weather, and sports information.  in the vision, you
also have interactive access to a vast range of environmental
information   in effect, an environmental channel connecting
citizens like cb radio on the information highway.
     
the environmental channel will offer major capabilities.  it will
allow you to explore past, present, and predicted future
environmental conditions at local, state, regional, national, and
global scales, using ecosystem or political boundaries.  it will
provide "what-if?" modeling, visualization, and simulation
capabilities for you to explore alternative future scenarios. 
the environmental channel will provide information about the
natural resources in your area and the stresses upon those
resources.  it will provide solution-oriented,  empowering
information to help you identify what you can do to minimize harm
and to improve the environment.  it will allow you to "publish"
your own observations about the environment, your ideas and your
questions. you will be able to find information and other 
resources and collaborators for environmental efforts.
     
the idea is to draw inspiration from the weather information
infrastructure, which provides rich information about weather
phenomena we can only react to. the goal is to provide comparably
rich information about the environment.  because we can manage
many aspects of the environment, ubiquitous information will
stimulate feedback mechanisms that affect individual and
corporate behavior.
     
the best illustration of what is possible comes from the toxic
release inventory (tri).  tri was mandated by the emergency
planning and community right-to-know act, which was title iii of
the superfund amendments and reauthorization act of 1986.  under
tri, manufacturing companies have been required to report on
their estimated total releases of toxic chemicals into the
environment.  this information has been available to the public
in many forms, including through on-line databases.  when 
reporting began in 1988, such information had never been
compiled.  as the chief executives of some of the nation's
largest chemical companies began to see the totals they were
reporting, they were appalled.  they announced voluntary
initiatives to reduce their toxic releases, in some cases by 90%
over 5 years.  here we see an example of the feedback model in
action   an information program caused a modification of
behavior, which resulted in beneficial changes for the
environment.
     
it is feasible today to deliver text, graphics, image, animation,
and video information about environmental conditions over the
internet. consider the flashy information products you see in the
realms of financial, weather, and sports information.  the
environmental resources information network in australia provides
one of the most compelling demonstrations of what now is also
possible in the environmental realm.  in the united states,
federal agencies, state and local governments, and private
companies are building a clearinghouse for geographically
referenced environmental, socioeconomic, and other data as part
of the national spatial data infrastructure.  the clearinghouse
will allow producers to make their data available to a wider
audience, and will allow users to find and obtain data of
interest.
     
imagine weather-type maps and images that provide current
information about pollution conditions locally, regionally,
nationally, or globally.  would it influence behavior if you
could see that your local area typically has pollutant levels
many times higher than another area?  would you want to know why? 
imagine visual images that show past conditions and project
future conditions based on current status  and trends. would it
influence behavior if graphical predictions indicate that major
pollution increases should be expected? that all but the last
remnants of an ecosystem will be destroyed  within the next few
years?
     
environmental channel users should be able to define their areas
of interest based on political, ecosystem, and other boundaries.
they could then track past, present, and forecasted future
pollution, ecological conditions, land-use/land-cover, and human
and industrial demographics for those areas.

visualization/simulation
     
imagine you have the capability to interactively run models to
test alternative assumptions and scenarios and to simulate and
visualize the outcomes.  suppose a large company is planning a
massive development near where you live.  you join a discussion
hosted by your local pta or civic association and help use simple
tools to visualize the impact of the planned development on
traffic, pollution, biodiversity, and other factors.  suppose
that you can test the effects of different assumptions and
different scenarios for the development.  you aren't forced to
rely on the word of "experts'" pronouncements.  would it change
your behavior?  would it change corporate developers' behavior?
we are beginning to get comfortable with modeling tools through
software like simcity  from maxis corporation.  popular both with
children and adults, simcity  allows its users to design their
own cities, complete with supporting finances and
infrastructures, and to simulate the evolution of the cities over
time.  simcity  is easy to use, surprisingly realistic, and
teaches much about the issues city planners and citizens face.  
     
easy-to-use modeling software can create "sim-ecosystems,"
allowing people to analyze or design ecosystems and simulate
their evolution under different conditions, assumptions, and
management practices. using the internet and the future nii,
teams of interested people will collaborate to build these
simulations, try them out, and seek consensus about desirable
future outcomes.
     
modeling and visualization tools will aid understanding of past,
present, and predicted future environmental conditions at various
geographic scales, using the types of tools that have been
previewed by weather information specialists and the game
simulators.  these tools will also help us understand and
visualize human impacts on the services provided by ecosystems  
services such as water filtration, flood control, and temperature
regulation.
     
although it is difficult to assign hard-and-fast economic values
to such ecosystem services, it should be easier to assign 
quantitative units and estimate impacts on service levels and
inform the nation about the  bottom-line accounting for service
levels.  tri did something similar by establishing poundage of
toxic pollutants released into the environment as a measuring
stick. similarly, changes in land-use and land-cover can be
reported from local up to national levels, so that people can see
the numbers for losses of forest, increases in pavement, and so
forth.
     
the financial realm provides tremendous information about
financial resources, their value, and speculative boosts and
threats to their value, such as inflation.  in a similar vein,
detailed ecosystem indicators and indices should be readily
available, so that people can track progress and changes in the
environment.  people could even define and track their own
"portfolios" of ecosystems of interest, and see how they're
faring over time.
     
you will be able to monitor the environmental assets of your
areas of interest   for example, the species known to occur there
and their estimated abundance.  you will also be able to track
the status of threats to your natural resources and progress
toward sustainability.
     
groups like the worldwatch institute have demonstrated a glimpse
of what could be done. worldwatch publishes the "state of the
world" and "vital signs" annual reports, which provide data on
resources and stressors and changes in indicators.  in our
vision, the environmental channel will allow users to
interactively select indicators and monitor their status, with
the kinds of simulation, modeling, and visualization capabilities
previously mentioned.
     
the public seems hungry for solutions, for more useful
information.  the environmental channel will provide abundant
information to empower people and help them find solutions to
environmental concerns.  what can we do about reducing trash in 
our neighborhood, controlling invasive plants choking our park, 
recycling, conserving energy and water, cutting pollution and
reducing transportation costs?  the same technologies that will
be bringing us home shopping and entertainment can bring us
environmental empowerment and interactive capabilities to respond
to questions and find good answers.
     
the rtk net has demonstrated that making a range of environmental
information freely available to grassroots activists can empower
them to work on behalf of the environment and human health by
working with industry to find solutions and avoid litigation. 
and yet rtk net has only been able to deliver a fraction of the
information needed and that the environmental channel could 
deliver.
     
taking a cue from today's internet, we can envision the nii
providing environmental frequently-asked-questions and answers,



from jseiger@eff.org  thu sep 15 14:02:13 1994
received: from [192.77.172.171] (figallo.eff.org [192.77.172.171]) by eff.org (8.6.9/8.6.6) with smtp id oaa18689 for ; thu, 15 sep 1994 14:02:10 -0400
message-id: <199409151802.oaa18689@eff.org>
x-sender: jseiger@eff.org
mime-version: 1.0
content-type: text/plain; charset="us-ascii"
date: thu, 15 sep 1994 14:02:13 -0500
to: mech@eff.org
from: gopher@ntiaunix1.ntia.doc.gov (gopher) (by way of jseiger@eff.org (jonah
 seiger))
subject: [complete document]
status: o

case studies, pointers and how-to guides to best environmental
practices and help facilities.  the entire corpus of public
information products could be readily available.  the
environmental channel can be a mechanism that brings all of the
local, state, and federal environmental agencies together as a
single, "virtual agency" that empowers the public with solution-
oriented environmental information and capitalizes on the
widespread public interest in and concern for the
environment.   
     
the environmental channel will not be some centralized digital
broadcasting service with the public as passive consumers. 
rather, the public will be encouraged to participate actively.
when interested people make observations about the environment,
they will be able to publish their information over the channel,
sharing it with any of millions of people around the world. vice
president gore's global learning and observations to benefit the
environment (globe) initiative contemplates precisely such
interactive involvement by students, who will gather
environmental data, ship it out over the network, and receive
back processed information that synthesizes their observations
with those of others all over the world.
     
if you observe an interesting natural phenomenon, or if you have 
creative ideas about a problem, or if you have collected data you
wish to share, the environmental channel will give you a means
for sharing.
     
the environmental channel will help people with shared interests
to discover each other and explore ways to collaborate.  because
you will have the capability to publish your observations, ask
your questions, and make your statements    and to explore and
respond to the observations, questions, and statements of others
  you will discover future collaborators, friends, colleagues.
geographic separation and differences in background will matter
little compared to the spark of common  interests and strong
capabilities to communicate and examine ideas.  because it will
be decentralized and an open market, ideas will compete on their
merits rather than merely the publishing budgets of their main
advocates.  the environmental channel could be a force for equity
and justice.
     
thousands of volunteer efforts all over america are helping to
restore local ecosystems.  the environmental channel will empower 
people to express their interests in their local ecosystems by
finding opportunities to work together on volunteer projects and
coordinate efforts to maximize collective results.
     
further, the channel will make it relatively easy to find and use
empowering information resources to develop creative solutions
and better approaches for sustainable development.
     
part iv:  how are we going to get there?
     
because the environment provides the foundation for a healthy
economy and quality of life, and because we cannot "manage"
ecosystems without information, we believe the nation must build
an environmental information infrastructure at least as
prominent, exciting, compelling, and powerful as the
infrastructures we've built for financial, weather, and sports
information. we can take the best innovations from those other
fields, seek to do better yet, and strive for major economies of
scale as the nii is built by the private sector.
     
but the government must provide enough steering to ensure that
the environment isn't shunted aside in the pursuit of expected
greater short-term profits in other arenas.  for in the long run,
nothing can be  more profitable than an nii that enables us to
hand over a better environment and a sustainable, healthy economy
to our children.

to empower the public with environmental information, the federal
government must facilitate and focus the vast network of
stakeholders to bring quality, useful and understandable
information to the people.  it will be crucial to involve many
groups such as colleges, universities, non governmental
organizations, and government agencies to inventory and publicize
their environmental information holdings.  these valuable
information resources need to be available in readable and
understandable formats.  the nii needs to be built to ensure that
the public at large can reach the vast holdings of information. 
it will be necessary for the government to make a solid
commitment to have its information available and promoting its
dissemination. 

working with programs such as globe (global learning and
observations to benefit the environment) and the president's
council on sustainable development are important to ensure a
broad array of contacts in the widespread use of the application. 
other federal efforts should be coordinated and incorporated into
the environmental information channel such as the government
information locator service, the national spatial data
infrastructure activities and other major projects that involve
the schools, libraries, and government service centers.
     
a dynamic interactive, on-line ecosystem discussion facility
should be available to the public.  it would be an outlet for
information on ecosystems protection methods from the izaak
walton society, as well as, recycling tips from industry.  this
on-line service would be a place for questions and answers. 
communities would be able to access and provide feedback on the
information that empowers them to take action.  they would be
able to interact with the experts to explore their problems and
concerns.
     
issues and questions to be addressed
     
information quality and standards

poor quality data and misinformation could cause more harm and
confusion rather than understanding and appropriate action that
protects the environment.  

    how can the federal government facilitate the quality of
     the data and information that might be piped through the
     environmental channel? 
     
    how can federal agencies prepare and present the vast
     amounts of environmental data so that it can be readily
     consumed and digested by the public and stakeholders?

    how can the federal government promote the voluntary
     acceptance and use of data standards by the various
     interests who will generate environmental information for
     public consumption?

widespread involvement  

    how should the federal government encourage and facilitate
     the varied interest groups and stakeholders to make high
     quality and readily understandable information available to
     the general public at large?
     
    should the federal government expand the incentive grants
     program for the thousands of u.s. non governmental
     organizations active in environmental information
     dissemination in order to facilitate their participation in
     the internet and catalyze the sharing of information among
     ngo's?
     
    should the federal government sponsor community-based
     demonstration projects of public empowerment with
     environmental information such as the sustainable
     development information network in cambridge, massachusetts?
     
partnerships

    what is the role that the federal government should take in
     ensuring that quality information is populated and
     disseminated on the environmental information channel?  

    how can the federal government best promote the goals of
     the nii and its application to empower the public with
     environmental information capitalizing on the expertise of
     environmental and economic groups who have considerable
     interests in having public support?
     
    should the federal geographic data committee, in concert
     with the president's council on sustainable development,
     establish a formal liaison with the sustainable development
     community to identify data requirements and catalyze
     linkages to local, state, and regional councils and
     governments?
     
training and education
  
    how should the federal government target efforts provide
     assistance to communities and interest groups to take full
     advantage of the nii application of public empowerment with
     environmental information?  

    what efforts does the federal government need to take to
     assist the public in understanding and using environmental
     information?
     
    should the federal government create simple instructional
     materials for electronic empowerment using the internet, and
     publicize such information through media such as national
     television and magazines?

last updated:  september 7, 1994


arts, humanities, and culture on the nii


draft for public comment


     "while no government can call a great artist or
scholar into existence, it is necessary and
appropriate for the federal government to help create
and sustain not only a climate encouraging freedom of
thought, imagination and inquiry but also the material
conditions facilitating the release of this creative
talent.  the world leadership which has come to the
united states cannot rest solely upon superior power,
wealth, and technology, but must be solidly founded
upon worldwide respect and admiration for the nation's
high qualities as a leader in the realm of ideas and
of the spirit."

   national foundation on the arts and the humanities
act of 1965

     "we see the arts not as an amenity, not as a
luxury, but as a necessity in building america's
communities."

  henry cisneros, secretary of housing and urban
development 


introduction

this paper is based on a number of assumptions or
principles, and it may be useful to state them at the
outset.  first and foremost, we assume that it is a
social good, to be encouraged by our government, that
the united states have an educated populace, with
equal access to information.

we take it as a given that the humanities and the arts
will provide a crucial part of the content of the
expanded nii, and that the nii will reach children
with new learning tools and forms of entertainment. 
we are convinced that the arts and the humanities
will be at the forefront of developing both.  because
humanists and artists are experts at using symbols,
managing data, and making the presentation of data and
complex ideas "user friendly," engaging, interactive,
and even fun, they should be involved from the outset
in efforts to design an expanded nii.

the for-profit entertainment and publishing sectors,
as well as the huge u.s. copyright industry, draw upon
and use the work of individuals and cultural
institutions.  consequently, we assert that investment
in the latter is a form of research and development
for a very profitable american industry.  we also
recognize that the nonprofit cultural organizations
lack adequate resources to embrace and advance new
technologies without further public and private
investment.

also it is important to note that the arts and the
humanities are international in scope.  just as the
internet now links computers worldwide, so will the
nii facilitate international dialogue, cultural
exchanges, and cultural commerce.

part i:  what is the application arena?

humanities and arts institutions, museums and the
national information infrastructure

standing at the threshold of an information revolution
we can see, with a momentary keenness of vision, that
an improved nii can unite us as a people as it
educates and enlightens us as individuals.  we can use
it to give all citizens, wherever they live, whatever
their means, access to the building blocks of
knowledge and allow them to read, research, learn,
combine and create understanding in original ways.  we
can present the richness of our diverse cultures to
promote understanding; we can communicate across
cultures and economic strata.  or we can divide into
subcultures composed of the elite and the unschooled,
the technology haves and have-nots.

the promise and the vision of the nii is that all
americans will have access to a wealth of information
in any number of arenas, from health care to history,
from poetry to physics.  in the next century the nii
will be the means by which most americans receive
their information, and the data, the imagery and the
sounds it conveys will shape their very ideas of what
culture is and influence their concepts of, and
participation in, our democracy.  

the humanities and arts in all their variety and
historical context comprise what we experience and
think of as "culture."  culture is concerned with what
is known and valued.  culture continually renews and
reshapes itself, yet culture is a continuity.  it is
the domain of the people as well as of the artists and
the scholars.  it is the fiction of toni morrison as
well as the african-american oral tradition.  it is
ragtime and rhythm and blues, gershwin and copland. 
it is constitutional history and the history of our
towns and cities and immigrants, as told by our
citizens.  it is the collection of world cultures that
form and inform us.  it is how we understand
ourselves, our society and our democracy, and our
relationship to the world.  it is how we use
knowledge, symbols, and sound to communicate.  

most americans recognize that the deepest substance of
communication is the province of the arts and the
humanities; our dreams, passions, and struggles as a
nation are often reflected and identified first in
this realm.  we recognize that our artists and
scholars are our most eloquent communicators. 
however, what we are only beginning to acknowledge is
the economic contribution of the cultural sector to
our economy. as one important private foundation
notes, "our literature, our performing arts, the
holdings of our museums, archives and libraries, and,
above all, the creative energies of our people will
provide the educational and cultural content of the
nii."

the visual display of information, the understanding
of the impact of design on environment, the ability to
analyze and parse vast quantities of information and
present them in a comprehensible manner all require
the discipline and skills of the arts and the
humanities.  it is the innovators in the artistic and
scholarly community whose ability to manipulate and
master the latest media, special effects, enhanced
sound and visual quality and new production techniques
that has put and will keep our nation on the cutting
edge of emerging technologies.  more than just
consuming new technologies, the humanities, the arts,
and the industries related to them drive technology by
generating ideas, by supplying content for the
information highway, and by serving as an important
testing ground for new ideas leading to more
breakthroughs and drawing critical investment capital
into projects.

the humanities and arts generate intellectual
property, a crucial component of the entertainment,
information and core copyright industries. 
collectively, these industries constitute a dynamic
sector of the economy responsible for the creation of
new jobs and export earnings.  the international
intellectual property alliance reports that "core
copyright industries" (including publishing and
software) in 1992 accounted for $206 billion in value
added to the u.s. economy (about 3.6 percent of gnp).
at least 40-46 percent of this figure could be
attributed to records, tapes, cds, motion pictures,
tv, video, newspapers, books, and periodicals.  the
copyright industries employ more than 5.5 million
workers in the united states.  and these industries
are growing more quickly than the economy as a whole: 
between 1987-1991, the industries grew at an annual
rate of 4.2 percent compared to 1.5 percent for the
economy overall.  the iipa estimates that 1992 foreign
sales by copyright industries totaled $39.5 billion.  

the challenge of the nii is to nourish the growth of
intellectual property and seed its development in many
forms.  we must recognize the contribution of the
cultural sector in entertainment and in spiritual
sustenance but also in terms of productivity and
contribution to the gnp.  the humanities and arts are
well-positioned to contribute to the digital
communications revolution.  increasingly, the
nonprofit cultural sector functions as the "research
and development" arm for the for-profit industry.   

the role of the federal government is limited but
crucial: national policies must provide incentives for
the artistic and intellectual creativity and research
essential to the development of content for the nii.

in addition to their role in the copyright industries,
the arts and the humanities nurture creativity in all
walks of life and provide a number of benefits that
cannot be quantified precisely.  the nii will help all
americans attain greater access to the tremendous
variety of cultural resources available throughout the
nation; by helping to harness these resources, an
enhanced nii will offer all americans opportunities to
pursue life-long educational and cultural interests.
    
already, americans are spending increasing amounts of
their leisure time and their incomes attending
lectures, symphony concerts, operas, dance, plays, and
visiting art galleries and museums; reading fiction,
poetry, and non-fiction works and viewing high-
quality programming on television.   consider the
following: 

  in a study published in 1994 by the national
assembly of local arts agencies, the direct
expenditures of nonprofit arts organizations are
estimated at $36.8 billion. the number of jobs
supported by this sector alone is 1.3 million, not
including self-employed artists.   moreover, the arts,
entertainment and intellectual property industries
make substantial and vital contributions to key
regional economies and to urban economic development.

  of the major sectors of the california economy,
the motion picture industry showed the largest
employment growth rate: while manufacturing employment
from 1990-1992 declined more than 15 percent, motion
picture employment increased by more than 5 percent.

  in denver, colorado, a study commissioned by the
colorado business committee for the arts found that
the economic impact of non-profit cultural
organizations in the denver metropolitan area included
a payroll of $161 million and more than 11,000 jobs. 
the study also noted that more people attended
cultural programs than professional sports events.
   
  the port authority of new york and new jersey
reports the total economic impact of arts institutions
(including nonprofit institutions, commercial
theaters, television and film, museums, galleries, and
auction houses and their visitor service businesses)
on the ny-nj metropolitan region to be $9.8 billion.
adjusted for inflation the arts grew by 14 percent in
the last decade.  nonprofit institutions added $2.7
billion to the economy directly.

  museums, in particular, attract more than half a
billion visits each year -- the equivalent of two
visits per american per year, and their programs
attract almost 700 million participants annually,
according to a survey undertaken by the american
association of museums.  the effects of these visits
go far beyond the museum;  the ancillary spending
which occurs when museum visitors spend money on
taxis, restaurants, or hotels, makes a significant
contribution to the health of the surrounding
community. 

   a 1994 study of the impact of the smithsonian
institution on the economy of the greater washington,
dc area found that during the previous year this
complex of museums and research facilities generated a
total of $6.7 billion in economic activity, 91 percent
of which derived from out-of-town visitors.   to
provide a frame of reference, the collective operating
budgets of all american museums totals only $4
billion. 

  although it is more difficult to estimate figures
for the humanities in higher education, it is worth
noting that universities and other educational
institutions have a significant economic impact.  data
compiled by independent sector indicate that nonprofit
educational institutions are the second-largest
employer in the nonprofit sector.  in 1990 educational
and research organizations employed 1.86 million
americans, second only to the health care sector. 
nonprofit education contributed over $35.7 billion
dollars in salaries to the u.s. economy in 1990.

  the humanities and arts are increasingly important
to the american people.  according to the bureau of
economic analysis, consumer spending on the performing
arts, as a percentage of after-tax income, rose from
.07 percent in 1970 to .12 percent in 1990.  during
this same period, spectator sports decreased from .16
percent to .11 percent.

  in the decade from 1982 to 1992, increasing
numbers of americans participated in the humanities
and arts through attendance at live events, through
broadcast and recorded media, and through personal
performance and creation.  in 1992, 41 percent of
adults in the united states attended a performance or
exhibition during the previous year, in contrast to 39
percent in 1982 and 1985.  audiences for opera,
classical music, and jazz programming on radio
increased by 49, 60, and 71 percent, respectively. 
the attendance rate at museums and galleries in 1992
was up almost 5 percent from 10 years before; total
attendees approached 600 million in that year.

  in the past 30 years, the number of non-profit
cultural organizations in the united states has
virtually exploded.  of the 8,179 museums in the
united states today, two thirds have been created in
the last 30 years.  since 1965, the number of
professional, non profit theaters has grown from 56 to
a network of over 400 today.  similarly, the number of
professional dance companies increased from 37 in 1965
to 250; and the number of professional opera companies
increased from 27 in 1965 to over 100.  during this
same period, the number of professional symphony
orchestras has more than doubled (from 110 in 1965 to
over 230); and the number of small press book
publishers has increased by nearly 500 percent (from
650 to nearly 3800)!  in the 20 years between 1970 and
1990, the number of artists in the american population
(those employed full or part time in an artistic
endeavor) more than doubled from approximately 737
thousand to nearly 1.7 million. 

unfortunately, the economy of nonprofit cultural
organizations is often misunderstood.  despite their
evident popularity many performing arts groups and
nonprofits require subsidies to offset operating
deficits, just as tuition costs never fully capture
the true cost of operating a liberal arts college or
private university. 

for many organizations, a small but often crucial part
of that subsidy comes from the federal government. 
but in recent years the national endowment for the



from jseiger@eff.org  thu sep 15 14:02:22 1994
received: from [192.77.172.171] (figallo.eff.org [192.77.172.171]) by eff.org (8.6.9/8.6.6) with smtp id oaa18697 for ; thu, 15 sep 1994 14:02:19 -0400
message-id: <199409151802.oaa18697@eff.org>
x-sender: jseiger@eff.org
mime-version: 1.0
content-type: text/plain; charset="us-ascii"
date: thu, 15 sep 1994 14:02:22 -0500
to: mech@eff.org
from: gopher@ntiaunix1.ntia.doc.gov (gopher) (by way of jseiger@eff.org (jonah
 seiger))
subject: [complete document]
status: o

humanities and the institute of museum services
appropriations have remained flat, while the national
endowment for the arts has been cut by 2.5 percent. 
the two endowments have lost close to 50 percent of
their purchasing power in the last decade.  federal
and state budget cuts have been passed on to the
field.  in addition, private funding trends are down. 
the percentage of foundation and corporate giving to
the cultural sector has decreased from 14 percent in
1991 to 12.7 percent in 1992.  many businesses report
that they will either hold cultural spending at
current levels or consider reducing it.     

the primary place of the arts and humanities in
education is being recognized at the local level and
nationally in the recent goals 2000 legislation. 
training in the many disciplines is a base part of
what it means to be truly educated and to appreciate
the richness of thought and culture.  the arts and
humanities are also effective at teaching
communication, teamwork, making discriminating
choices, instilling self-discipline and improving
constructive self-expression.  teachers are learning
how to use the humanities and arts to present other
subjects and to take a cross-disciplinary approach. 
they also use them to enliven material and to give
children activities that help keep them in school. 
more research is showing how effective these
disciplines are at reaching the various senses and
"intelligences" that make up each child.  research
also shows that training in the arts improves
performance in other subjects.  

new technologies are becoming effective teaching
tools.  they not only convey information about the
arts and humanities, they invite children directly to
participate in creative and scholarly activities.  we
endorse the concepts put forward in the paper:  a
transformation of learning - use of the nii for
education and life long learning, published in the
first volume of putting the information infrastructure
to work.

users of a national information infrastructure  
especially artists and scholars will have the
opportunity to be both information consumers and
information providers.  in the interactive environment
of the nii, the opportunity for information traffic to
move two ways will permit the creation of unique works
and the augmentation of existing works.  it will no
longer matter where in the country a person is
located, nor will it matter where the desired
information resides.  the nii could permit any one
person or group of persons to have access to a large
body of materials or ideas, and to study them, combine
them in new ways, and make their results available to
anyone else.  

cultural heritage in the virtual museum

a young native american living in a remote pueblo in
new mexico wants to explore his heritage.  having
access to the elders of the community, he is fortunate
to have heard the stories and to have developed some
sense of belonging.  but, over the years, tribal and
religious artifacts that help to define him as a
tribal member have been removed to be placed in
museums and collections all over the country.  he is
unable to travel to see, understand and appreciate
the relics of his past, but he is able to go to the
tribal center where he may browse through a virtual
museum -- a museum without walls, a museum that
travels to him.  because the images are digitized
representations of the artifacts, he is able to expand
and rotate the images to view detail.  he listens to a
guide's explanation of the collection, as well as
comments on each piece by native american experts.  he
is traveling with the help of his virtual guide, and
can explore the dusty corners of this virtual museum
on his own.  he comes away from this experience with a
greater sense of his community and his own identity, a
sense that his heritage has not been lost or stolen,
an understanding that these precious relics may be
viewed and appreciated by anyone, not just those with
sufficient money to visit the museum in person.

learning music with brahms

a young person in a rural school is curious about
music, and wants to learn more about great composers.
through an interactive, multi-media system she
accesses a choral work by brahms which she can hear
through the high-quality headphones she is wearing. 
as the selection begins to play, her video monitor
displays the image of the original hand-written score,
penned by the master himself. to her surprise and
delight, she sees whole sections of the manuscript
scratched through in red pen, with comments from
brahms's former teacher criticizing his efforts and
suggesting ways to improve the piece.  she realizes
that everyone has teachers, that instruction and
practice improve people. she now has a new outlook on
education and music.  even more, she hears and sees
how the work uses a standard musical form in
surprisingly new ways.  she can start and stop the
piece, can hear and see the various orchestral parts
played separately, and can read explanatory notes
about the work and the composer.

dancing in real time

a dance choreographer in a large eastern city perhaps
someone of the stature of merce cunningham is asked to
develop a new work for a dance company in the midwest. 
he creates the new work using a special program on his
computer called lifeforms.  as the new work evolves,
he uses the nii to transmit his choreographic ideas
and movements to the composer who lives in the
american southwest and who is writing the original
music which will accompany the piece.  the following
morning, using the nii, she forwards to the
choreographer portions of her composition reproduced
and digitally recorded using a synthesizer.  later
that week, in a two-way audio and video exchange, the
choreographer and the composer collaborate to bring
the musical composition into final form.  the
following week, the choreographer transfers to the
artistic director of the dance company the lifeforms
program with his choreography, as well as the
completed score for the music.  the company begins its
eight-week rehearsal of the new work.  during the
rehearsals, the choreographer observes the realization
of the dance piece as it progresses.  using video
teleconferencing over the nii, he is able to interact
with the dancers and instruct them in the movements,
and the dancers are able to ask questions and to make
suggestions for possible revision of the piece.  the
work is ultimately performed before a local audience,
and watched live throughout the region in
high-definition video.  later, the work is made
available through an archive of video recordings of
dance works, accessible through the nii.

>from site to byte

paleontologists are digging in an archeological site
expecting to find remains of prehistoric mammals. they
uncover objects they do not expect to find: apparently 
manmade utensils made of an unidentified metal which
begins to deteriorate as soon as it is exposed to the
air. they do not have anthropologists on their team,
nor any other expert who is able to make a tentative
identification.  through the nii, they are able to
contact ethnographic conservators at a natural history
museum to receive instructions on how to safeguard the
objects from further deterioration.  the team is
subsequently able to draw on research materials from
the linked archives to determine the provenance of
the objects.  the museums are linked with other
educational institutions (libraries, universities, and
schools) to share the research and information about
these artifacts. 

what is the public interest in promoting the
application?

american artistic creativity is envied throughout the
world; america's universities, libraries and museums
are among the world's finest.  the arts and humanities
are a crucial ingredient in the american education
system.  today, as part of the administration's
goals 2000 initiative, the arts enjoy enhanced federal
recognition as core k-12 subjects   along with
english, history, civics, geography, mathematics,
science, and foreign languages.  in the spring of 1994
secretary of education richard riley issued a
comprehensive set of standards for k-12 education in
dance, music, the visual arts, and theater.  national
standards for history and civics are almost complete,
and parallel efforts in english and foreign languages
are underway. 

the humanities and arts can play a vital role in
solving some of america's most pressing social
challenges.  they can help to bring hope to america's
at-risk youth.  with the nii our cultural institutions
can reach beyond their walls to touch the lives of the
poor, the old, or the otherwise disadvantaged.  if
used with care and imagination, the new technologies
can enable the arts and humanities to create
understanding between races and help build bridges
among different cultures. 

how can the nii help?

education in the arts and humanities will be vastly
augmented and expanded through the facilities of the
nii.  for example, literacy in the arts is something
that every child has a right to expect during the
course of his or her education.  no education in the
arts, however, can proceed without exposure to the art
form itself.  with the inclusion of the arts in the
basic curriculum, there will be increased demand for
art teachers and teaching materials.  today,
hard-pressed school systems are complaining of a
shortage of teachers and resources.  the nii has the
potential to help schools overcome these handicaps in
time to meet the higher standards demanded of american
schools.  

but the benefits of the nii will not be limited to the
schools.  the american public already has a keen
interest in obtaining access to quality arts and
humanities programming.  national public radio
stations across the country claim an estimated 15
million listeners each week.  pbs' broadcast of the
civil war attracted a record viewership for one
program of some 13 million viewers.  television
viewers, in particular, continue to demonstrate a
desire to exercise choices for themselves and for
their children in selecting programs with cultural
content, presented at times of their choosing. 
unfortunately, cable television, which now reaches
over 60 percent of u. s. homes, has not always
demonstrated an ability, or a willingness, to deliver
on one of its original promises:  to provide its
subscribers an opportunity to choose from a variety of
quality programs and series.  many scholars, artists
and advocacy groups are especially concerned that a
national information infrastructure, if dominated by
commercial interests, might offer little more than
"500 channels of movies, games and shopping."  an
improved nii can bring into american homes and schools
access not only to high-quality programming, but
exploratory visits to museums, concert halls, art
galleries, centers for folklore and heritage, and
other centers of the arts and culture.

what is the evidence of the benefits?

the arts and humanities already constitute an
important and growing sector of the american economy
and increasingly serve a "r&d" function for the
for-profit communications and entertainment industry.  
in addition to the considerable number of jobs and
expenditures that nonprofit institutions currently
provide, there is evidence that publicly funded
projects in this sector serve as a testing ground for
new ideas that often have commercial applications.  

here is one example that has important implications
for the development of the nii:  the american film
institute, a nonprofit center that promotes study of
film as an art form and provides training programs for
young filmmakers and others interested in the
industry, has taught digital film technology to over
5500 participants in one of its training programs. 
the afi receives its primary support from the national
endowment for the arts and supplemental support from
the neh.  countless other examples could be cited: 
over the years nea fellowships and grants have enabled
many of the best american playwrights to develop their
work.  such commercially successful films as driving
miss daisy, the great white hope, and children of a
lesser god began as plays supported by nea grants. 
more recently, the acclaimed broadway hit angels in
america was first produced by a nonprofit theater
which received support from the endowment for the arts
and the fund for new american plays, a joint venture
of the kennedy center and the president's committee on
the arts and the humanities.  awards from the nea's
design arts program often lead to commercial
applications. in the humanities, the success of the
neh funded series the civil war by filmmaker ken burns
created a lucrative secondary market for home
videocassette and books based on the televised series. 
the impact of this nonprofit "r&d" deserves more
study.

cultural dialog can be encouraged:  on-line
discussions among and between artists, scholars and
people that encourage uncensored communications and
cross-cultural understanding.

most cultural organizations in the humanities, arts
and museum worlds operate on small budgets with few
staff.  they struggle with the same needs:  to keep
the door open, receive new information, reach their
audiences, and find new funding.  they can greatly
benefit from communicating with each other and their
potential audiences or "consumers" on the nii.  for
example they could hear about new grants from private
foundations and public agencies; they could share
successful promotion ideas; they could publish touring
schedules and save money through block booking
performances and exhibitions. 

  example:  the benton foundation conference,
"shaping the national information infrastructure: the
public interest summit," featuring vice president gore
attracted 650 leaders from non-profit organizations
all over america.  policy discussions on public
access, benefits to communities and on content were
made available online, so that many more nonprofits
could learn from the conference.

the humanities and arts nourish the civic spirit vital
to a democracy.  critical thinking, an appreciation of
america's past, and a willingness to work together for
the common good are values developed by the arts and
the humanities.  the arts and humanities make
important contributions to the on-going national
dialogue that is essential to a democracy.  to the
extent that the nii creates a new public forum, it is
essential that we provide opportunities for the public
to have access to the best thinking and creative
expressions available.


electronic technology can enhance a citizen's
involvement in the nation's civic culture through
participatory, electronic forums that bring together
scholars and members of the public.  the new
technology can also foster the dissemination of
cultural knowledge to the public.

  example: the impact of the electronic village on
the quality of life.   an neh grant to virginia
polytechnic institute (vpi) in blacksburg, va, enabled
vpi to sponsor "choices and challenges:  the quality
of life," a series of forums using scholars and
community leaders to explore medical ethics and the
impact of the "electronic village" on the quality of
life.  this demonstration project involved, among
other formats, a series of video teleconferences
broadcast nationally by the public broadcasting
service.  the first forum, "the quality of life at the
end of life," attracted an on-site audience of more
than 500 and was downlinked to 133 sites in 34 states
(to colleges, hospitals, air force bases,
universities, and television stations) using
teleconferencing provided by the pbs adult learning
satellite service.

arts and humanities build stronger communities.  our
nation needs the positive influence of the arts and
humanities to help forge a common identity, to
communicate across the lines of division that
unfortunately threaten to separate us into isolated
racial, ethnic or regional groups.  an accessible nii
will be an essential tool in finding ways for the arts
and humanities to touch unserved communities with new
levels of imagination and resources. already the arts
and humanities are providing innovative solutions to
the problem of at-risk youth, the problem of juvenile
crime, and the problems of illiteracy and poverty. 

  example: computer mentors.  in the summer of 1993
the community arts training program sponsored a
multi-disciplinary computer graphics program for 300
new orleans inner-city youths.  originally designed as
a vehicle to teach job training as well as basic
skills, the program is unique in the way it exposes
students to careers in the arts and the connection
between high school and careers.  in order to teach
job skills (computer design, layout, desktop
publishing) students were involved in the production
of a magazine from start to finish.  the resulting
publication not only illustrated the connection
between education and future employment, but also gave
voice to the students' own experience and dreams. 

part ii: where are we now?

the current picture of computing in the humanities and
arts is drawn from many sources. the projects listed
below show great vitality, yet this picture of
cultural computing represents a cacophony of projects
with little reference to each other.  as yet their
development is guided by no systematic, coordinated
policy. they exemplify often original and even heroic
individual achievement, but cannot hope to represent
the fullness of our cultural heritage and creations.  

few of the projects cited below have made provision
for the archiving of their data.  the reasons for such
little viability, despite considerable vitality, are
many.  most have to do with lack of support in one way
or another, and by extension lack of coordination and
distribution structures.  the computerization of
cultural projects and materials, viability and
preservation, accessibility, the use of standards,
plans for long term maintenance and distribution of
cultural materials have not been seen until recently
as candidates for major funding. 

selected private activities

the software industry

microsoft has recently issued a cd-rom guide to the
national gallery of art in london and plans to develop
a "virtual museum" for consumers.  the voyager company
has created a nonprofit venture, voyager 501c3, to
develop educational software.  to date, this firm has
produced educational software in american history,
classical music and dance, and philosophy.  in
addition, voyager is also preparing children's titles
which will be interactive books and not mere games.

individual artists

one of the most vital areas of product development on
the internet are arts and culture applications. a
survey of new world-wide web servers (which make text,
audio, and video accessible online) reveals the health
and enterprise of the cultural sector.   a recent
period showed a sample variety of the action on "the
web": jazz online, the batish institute of indian
music and fine arts, roy lichtenstein pre-pop
1948-1960 exhibit, the alf midi (musical
instrument digital interface), shot of rhythm
archives, the electronic journal of analytic
philosophy, pixel pushers exhibition of original art,
the lynx literary magazine, reba mcintyre, the uk
dance all appeared on the net.

artist agencies

among the first commercial companies to recognize the
role of arts and culture in the content and
information management arena are the "super-agencies." 
these agencies have already positioned themselves to
translate the needs of the content providers they
represent to the "rate companies" that are vying for
product.  they are forging the relationships between
artists and the new media markets offered by the
studios, utilities, phone companies, cable companies,
and software companies. 

selected public activities

national endowment for the humanities

since 1965 the federal government has spent a total of
approximately $2.84 billion dollars in support of the
humanities.  this expenditure has generated over $2.1
billion in non federal support.  the nation's
expenditures for education at all levels comprised 7.5
percent of the gross domestic product for 1991, or
$425.2 billion.  the humanities comprise approximately
20 percent of the educational system and accounted for
$85 billion of the gdp in 1991.

educational institutions have a high impact on local
and regional economies.  in 1993 a study of the
economic impact of spending by george washington
university on the greater washington, d.c. economy
found its payroll and purchases generated $1.2 billion
in economic activity.  this one university conducted
business with 14123 local companies.  that same year,
the study found, the area's 25 higher education
institutions had a total impact on the local economy
of $17.25 billion.

during 1993 the federal government through the neh
provided support for the humanities to 2197
institutions and individuals, including 35 elementary
and secondary schools, 15 two-year colleges, 126
four-year colleges, 534 universities,  32 public
television and radio stations, 206 libraries, museums,
and historical organizations, 964 individuals, and 256
community organizations and other humanities
institutions. during 1993, public humanities
television programming reached a collective audience
of 244 million viewers.

the national endowment for the humanities has been a
leader in the development of computer applications in
education and scholarly research, and especially in
the creation of library information networks.  since
1980 all neh grants for cataloging and processing
primary and secondary resources in the humanities
mandate that machine-readable bibliographic records be
made available via one of three national, electronic
networks supported by the research libraries group
(rlg), the online computer library center (oclc),
and the washington library network (wln).  these
nonprofit organizations collectively provide academic
researchers and members of the public with electronic
access to millions of books, serials, documents,
photographs, sound recordings, oral histories, films,
and videos held by the nation's public and research
libraries, archives, museums, historical organizations
through more than 20000 computer terminals at research
and public institutions across the nation.  almost all
the catalogs of the nation's largest research
libraries are available for searching through the
internet.  

national and international communications standards
and protocols

the endowment is especially interested in projects to
develop standards for the organization and
verification of information transmitted in a networked
environment.  

electronic communication in the humanities depends



from jseiger@eff.org  thu sep 15 14:02:30 1994
received: from [192.77.172.171] (figallo.eff.org [192.77.172.171]) by eff.org (8.6.9/8.6.6) with smtp id oaa18704 for ; thu, 15 sep 1994 14:02:27 -0400
message-id: <199409151802.oaa18704@eff.org>
x-sender: jseiger@eff.org
mime-version: 1.0
content-type: text/plain; charset="us-ascii"
date: thu, 15 sep 1994 14:02:30 -0500
to: mech@eff.org
from: gopher@ntiaunix1.ntia.doc.gov (gopher) (by way of jseiger@eff.org (jonah
 seiger))
subject: [complete document]
status: o

upon the use of common technical standards as well as
protocols for formatting the context of electronic
documents so that they can be read on many computer
platforms and for transmitting and reading electronic
information using common descriptive terminology about
where resources are located.

  international standards for text encoding:  the
neh has made awards to support the text encoding
initiative (tei), which has drafted an international
standard scheme using the standard generalized markup
language (sgml) to encode humanities texts so that a
user can navigate through an electronic document in
the same way he or she uses a printed text.  use of
the tei standard will ensure the interoperability of
electronic documents in the humanities. 

  national standards for networked information:  the
neh has supported the work of two national standards
groups, the committee on the interchange of museum
information (cimi) and the art information task force
(aitf), a collaborative venture organized by the
college art association and co-sponsored by the getty
art history information program and the neh.  for
instance, in a project with important implications for
museums and universities alike, the aitf has
successfully established a definitive set of
categories for the description of works of arts,
including both three-dimensional objects and prints
and graphics.  as the digital storage of visual
materials becomes ever more commonplace, these
standards will enable a user to locate desired images
efficiently, wherever they may be stored on the
network.  the cimi effort focuses upon the development
of a communications exchange format for conveying
information electronically among institutions and
researchers.

internet access to humanities resources

to ensure the broadest possible electronic access to
information in the humanities, digitized text images,
and related information must become directly
accessible on the internet.  examples of neh-funded
projects include:

  the dead sea scrolls project:  digitization can be
used to enhance photographs to clarify hidden
information that would otherwise be lost to scholars. 
in 1994 the endowment awarded a pilot grant to the
ancient biblical manuscript center to develop
procedures for digitizing and making available over
the internet images of the dead sea scrolls, in
addition to the distribution of scroll images via
cd-rom.  scholarly users will be able to enhance the
digital images to reveal characters that are not
plainly legible in the original documents. 

  denver public library digitized photographs
project:  in 1993 the denver public library received
an neh grant to digitize 30,000 photographs in its
western history collection.  the photographs and
bibliographic citations will be made available to
researchers worldwide through the internet. 

  the making of america project:  an
inter-institutional, cooperative project to digitize
100000 humanities monographs for internet access is
underway, guided by librarians and scholars at cornell
university.  volumes in "the making of america:
1860-1960" will encompass a single theme, the
development of the infrastructure of america
transportation, communication, and the built
environment.  

digital technology and the preservation of cultural
resources

the new technology offers the possibility of capturing
and saving knowledge for future generations in a
format that can be transmitted via the internet to
researchers throughout the world.  

  project open book:  at yale university, with
support from the neh, 3000 volumes on microfilm will
be converted into digital form to test assumptions
about relationships between scanner settings,
microfilm quality, and document quality; to refine
workflow configuration in order to optimize
productivity; and to measure and record cost and time
data.  in addition, newly-developed document
management software will allow editing that will
provide electronic links between a bibliographic
record and parts of a document (e.g., table of
contents, chapter, page).  user access will be made
possible on a limited scale and evaluated in
preparation for a later phase that will provide full
network distribution, both to yale and to the internet
community.  

  the cornell/xerox project:  utilizing specialized
software and hardware contributed by the xerox
corporation, cornell university will test a prototype
system for recording brittle books as digital images
and producing, on demand, high quality paper
documents.  in addition, a preservation microfilm will
be produced from the digitized volume.  an advisory
committee, composed of university faculty, library
subject specialists, and preservation staff will
select 10000 volumes from the university's humanities
collections for conversion to digital images at 600
dpi (dots per inch).  a technical committee will
evaluate the quality of the images, the efficiency of
the production system, and the comparative costs of
using a digital intermediary to produce preservation
microfilm.

humanities, technology, and the schools

the teaching potential of the new technologies has
been dramatically demonstrated with the development of
hypermedia programs which allow students to explore a
subject through interactive manipulation of textual,
audio and video information in a variety of non-linear
formats.  the expansion of cd-rom technologies and the
release of data collections in digitized formats has
made the hypermedia format widely accessible and
retrievable via such electronic networks as the
internet.

  hypertext in the classroom:  the massachusetts
institute of technology has received support for the
development of hypermedia teaching programs in
spanish, japanese, and french, while another major
spanish language hypermedia project has been funded at
the university of michigan.  foreign language
instruction is not the only venue in which these
hypermedia programs may offer contributions, and the
m.i.t. team has also received support for the
development of a hypermedia interactive shakespeare
classroom presentation system.

  teaching and telecommunications: 
telecommunications have been used to make courses
accessible to geographically dispersed students and to
such population groups as working parents who make up
an increasingly significant segment of the u.s.
undergraduate population.  neh has supported projects
at ohio state university, for video-based telephone
instruction for secondary teachers of russian; at the
university of north texas, for the incorporation of
video-based interviews conducted in normandy into
technology-based instructional materials; and at
pennsylvania state university, for telecommunicated
instructional materials in archaeology.

national endowment for the arts

the arts infrastructure

since 1965, the federal government has provided
american artists, arts institutions and arts
organizations over $2.9 billion in funds.  state
appropriations for the arts in roughly the same
period total nearly $3.7 billion.  in each of the
fifty states and the six "special jurisdictions" (the
district of columbia, puerto rico, the virgin islands,
american samoa, guam and the northern marianas), state
arts agencies or their equivalents provide leadership
and guidance, and administer grant programs similar to
those at the federal level.  six regional
organizations likewise provide funds for regional
initiatives such as touring and regional arts
fellowships.

in addition to state and regional arts agencies, there
has been a remarkable growth in the number of local
arts agencies in the past 30 years, from 155 in 1965
to over 3800 today.  while federal funds decreased
since 1991, local arts agencies' budgets have
increased an average of seven percent each year.  and,
a group of national arts service organizations has
come into being assisting theaters, dance companies,
symphony orchestras, small presses, visual arts
organizations and visual artists, media arts centers,
film and video producers, folk and traditional artists
and opera companies, or representing diverse ethnic
constituencies and cultural organizations.   

the so-called "arts infrastructure" also includes
thousands of american arts institutions.  in 1993, for
example, federal funds assisted over 100 dance
companies, 44 literary magazines, 113 professional
opera companies, over 200 professional theater
companies, approximately 200 symphony orchestras and
nearly 150 visual artists organizations.  in addition,
over 300 primarily minority organizations in america's
inner cities and rural areas benefited from federal
assistance.  while these examples do not illustrate
the full range of america's cultural activities and do
not include federal grants to individual artists of
exceptional talent, we believe that they do serve to
illustrate the vast potential of american creativity
within the not-for-profit sector.    

selected examples of arts and technology projects
supported by the nea

the following grants represent a selected sample of
some of the art and technology projects which the
national endowment for the arts has supported:

 national arts education network:  through a
cooperative agreement with the u.s. department of
education, the arts endowment is providing support to
the john f. kennedy center for the performing arts for
a national arts education information network,
artsedge.  artsedge, currently the only national
computer network specifically for arts educators, is a
national online service designed to:  (a) connect
people to people and people to information; (b) to
build a "knowledge base" of promising programs and
practices, and provide links with other networks in
education and in the arts; and (c) to coordinate all
of the above through a national hub, responsible for
the effective administration of the network. 

 "arts wire":  a program of the new york foundation
for the arts, arts wire is a national online service
for the arts community.  it links over 500 arts
organizations across the nation and is adding an
average of 30 new organizations each month.  arts wire
provides immediate access to news, information, and
dialogue on conditions affecting the arts today. 
during the nea art-21 conference in chicago in april
1994, full transcripts of major speeches and summaries
of discussion sessions were uploaded from the
conference site onto arts wire for immediate
dissemination to subscribers.  comments and
suggestions made on line are being reviewed and
considered by the endowment as part of its 5-year
planning process.

 electronic assistance for underserved communities: 
the citizens of many states with largely rural
populations lack access to large urban centers and
depend on their state and local arts agencies to
provide "grass roots" access to the arts.  the nea has
provided funds to an unprecedented partnership of
state agencies, local organizations and statewide
assemblies in a five-state region which includes
montana, nebraska, north dakota, south dakota and
wyoming.  the purposes of these grants include: 
technical assistance, organization of local and
regional workshops, and on-line networking
opportunities.  the five-state partnership project,
called art beyond boundaries (abb) began at the
grass-roots level to met the needs of rural arts
organizations that were on the fringe of programs and
informational networks.  within the five original abb
states, only nine cities have populations over 50000. 
great distances, sparse population, isolation, severe
weather, native american populations and tourism are
their common bonds.  the abb crosses state and
regional arts borders to bring rural people from the
high plains region together.  these computer
conferences have grown and now include representatives
from missouri, kansas, minnesota, iowa, wisconsin,
idaho, and colorado.

 computer music information project:  through a
grant to the international computer music association
(icma) located in san francisco, the nea is supporting
the computer music information project.  the project
will provide services to composers in three areas: 
development of computer music resource information and
dissemination of compositional software through the
creation and maintenance of the icma software library,
a catalog or library that can be accessed nationally
by composers via electronic mail; creation and
production of a new icma compositional research video,
containing recent compositional research information
on computer music; and publication of the icma
directory and array, a computer newsletter that
includes a calendar of computer music-related events
and information on new hardware and software products
available commercially. 

 computer mapping tools in inner-city schools: 
through a 1992 grant to boston designer barbara
barros, boston high schools will have  easy-to-use
computer mapping tools which will teach inner-city
students to sketch and map their local urban
environment and to learn urban design analysis skills.
this model will eventually be incorporated into the
youth view program of boston's cityview network.  the
project will give students an engaging way to learn
basic computer skills and will provide them with
visual information about the inner city.  both the
participants and the community will learn how the
physical conditions of the city can be improved based
on the perceptions young people have about their
neighborhoods.  this project encourages students to
become community participants, helping other students
and members of their community to take part in shaping
its future.

 fundamental design principles for children:   with
a grant to the center for city building education
programs in santa monica, california, the nea is
supporting "portable effects," an interactive 
videodisc and software program to introduce children
to fundamental design principles through everyday
objects.  using the urban environment as a focus for
integrating math, science, language arts, and history,
the city building education program believes that
inventive thinking and problem-solving skills
associated with the practice of architecture and
design can be fostered in young students.  the video
will be distributed throughout a network of schools
and through educational software catalogues.  training
will be offered to teachers and school administrators
throughout the united states.

 public art seattle:  through the seattle arts
commission, the nea supports public art seattle, an
innovative public education feature of the city's
public art program.  using a new interactive software
technology from apple computer, information about the
city's 2,000 public artworks will be made available in
high resolution images and text at specially designed
kiosks at branch libraries, hotels, the convention
center, shopping malls and community centers.  an
audio playback component will be incorporated into the
system to offer explanations of the artworks by
artists, designers and historians, and projects which
incorporate sound as an integral part of the art
itself will be included.  a cd-rom version of the
entire collection will be created for mass production
and national and international distribution to
schools, libraries and arts institutions. 

 graphic design resources:  through a grant to
indiana university, the lilly library's collection of
graphic design history will be documented and made
accessible with interactive software.  the collection
is a world-famous repository for graphic design and
the printed word.  in addition to rare books and
historic manuscripts, the collection includes sheet
music, film posters, atlases, maps, photographs, book
jackets, games and children's books.

two grants, one (in 1992) to the cooper union for the
advancement of science and art in the city of new york
and another (in 1993) to the rochester institute of
technology in rochester, new york, support the
development of a national graphic design archive as a
collaboration among the cooper union, the rochester
institute, and the university of illinois at chicago. 
using graphic design collections as a resource focus,
the archive process will transform material housed in
institutions throughout the u. s. into electronically
accessible visual imagery.  the archive will make the
in-depth study of graphic design history available to
students and teachers nationwide.  moreover, the
technology as well as the methodology will serve as a
prototype for electronic textbooks for other fields
and topics with similarly limited access to study of
the original material.

 digital images from american museums:  in 1993, the
nea awarded a grant to harvard university's fogg art
museum to support the development of a computer
imagebase to document the paintings collection. 
considered one of this country's finest collections of
european old master, 19th century and american
paintings, the fogg art museum houses some 1,800
pictures.  the project will first convert the museum's
existing mainframe database into a format retrievable
on personal computers and then enhance some 300 object
records by adding digitized images. 

a 1993 nea grant to the corcoran gallery of art in
washington, dc supports the design and implementation
of a computerized digital image database to house
information on the collection of american and european
paintings and sculpture at the corcoran gallery of
art.  in an effort to modernize and make more
accessible its collection records, the corcoran
intends to produce an electronically  published
catalogue which pairs documentation on each object
with a digitally enhanced image.  arts endowment funds
are paying for purchase and installation of the
software and for the production of digital images. 

the arts and humanities on public television:  twenty
years of cultural programming

the national endowment for the arts and the national
endowment for the humanities have helped provide
access to our heritage by their support of broadcasts
on public television.  since 1976, the two endowments
have supported over 1,000 television programs in 31
series.  viewers have been able to see baryshnikov
dance, seiji ozawa conduct, jessye norman sing, alan
lomax discourse on folk music, pinchas zukerman play,
georgia o'keeffe reminisce, and max roach play the
drums.  this medium has brought historical series such
as the civil war and the adams chronicles into the
living rooms of millions of american homes.  the
quality of the programs supported with federal dollars
has been publicly acclaimed virtually everywhere
honors are given.  a quarter of the pbs audience lives
in rural areas and small towns.  the vast educational
potential of the existing archive not to mention new
works and new series yet to be developed, funded and
presented remains to be fully realized.  an enormous
amount of high-quality programming waits to be
presented to new audiences as well as to an
enthusiastic audience which would love to see it
again.  when these existing programs are adapted and
supplemented for interactive viewing, their
educational value will be increased dramatically. 

museums and the institute of museum services (ims)

the museums infrastructure

museums are an integral part of the american
educational system and are major sources of the
nation's cultural and scientific information. 
teachers rely on museum educators, on objects and on
exhibits to teach students in all academic
disciplines, to provide training in job skills, and to
explore issues facing our world today as well as in
the past.  america's 8,000 museums care for, educate
with, and present more than 700 million objects of our
artistic, cultural, and scientific heritage.  they are
also the leaders in interactive educational exhibits.

museums serve not only as repositories for rare or
significant artifacts, but they also have a vital role
as centers for scholarly research.  museum curators
are significant contributors to the nation's
scientific and cultural dialogue, and help preserve
national, regional and local identities.
  
museums attract over 600 million visits a year.  they
are located in every rural and urban area of the
country, serving all segments of the population
without imposing any economic or educational
requirements.  in many cities and towns, they are a
powerful magnet attracting tourists and visitors whose
stays add valuable supplements to the local economy. 
a survey by the american association of museums in
1989 found that museums employ 92,000 full-time
workers and another 56,000 part-time employees. 
perhaps an even more significant gauge of their
importance to their communities is the extent to which
paid staff are greatly outnumbered by the 356,000
volunteers who annually donate time and energy to
local museums. 

in addition to the applications underway at the
national gallery and the smithsonian institution, the
endowments and the institute of museum services
provide grant support for applications at many private
and public museums throughout the country.  while both
endowments support museum exhibitions, the institute
of museum services is the only federal agency that
provides general operating support for museums, and
its mandate extends beyond the arts and the humanities
to embrace every type of museum including science
museums, zoological parks, and botanical gardens.  the
ims is especially interested in supporting information
technology to improve communications among museums and
other educational institutions.  three quarters of all
objects in american museums are natural or living
materials, anthropological and archaeological
collections.  the american museum community is
committed to linking these collections through the nii
as well.  these collections, the knowledge of the
scientists, curators, and other professional staff, as
well as the print, visual, and research materials in
their holding may become accessible to even more
people through networks of communication outside the
museum and classroom walls.   

internet utilities such as world-wide web (the part of
the internet that makes possible the distribution of
audio, video, graphics and photographs as well as
text) and mosaic (the software used by most people for
access to the web) provide vehicles for museums and
individual artists to present their information to the
public over the internet.  several museums have been
able to use gopher servers (computer bulletin boards
which direct users to information) to provide
information to internet users on current exhibitions,
schedules, and directions to museums.  museums
worldwide are producing "virtual tours" of their
collections.

electronic technology is transforming museum practices



from jseiger@eff.org  thu sep 15 14:02:39 1994
received: from [192.77.172.171] (figallo.eff.org [192.77.172.171]) by eff.org (8.6.9/8.6.6) with smtp id oaa18724 for ; thu, 15 sep 1994 14:02:36 -0400
message-id: <199409151802.oaa18724@eff.org>
x-sender: jseiger@eff.org
mime-version: 1.0
content-type: text/plain; charset="us-ascii"
date: thu, 15 sep 1994 14:02:39 -0500
to: mech@eff.org
from: gopher@ntiaunix1.ntia.doc.gov (gopher) (by way of jseiger@eff.org (jonah
 seiger))
subject: [complete document]
status: o

and is opening new opportunities for educational
programs.  the national gallery of art is developing
an internal database featuring high-resolution images
and detailed curatorial information on each item in
the collection.  the same high-quality images will be
used in another program designed specifically for the
general public's use in the galleries.  already,
cd-roms are giving home computer users access to many
collections.  for example, cd-roms issued recently
include:  "masterworks of japanese painting: the
etsuko and joe price collection" published by digital
collections inc.; 138 paintings from the frick
collection published by dci; and "art gallery"
featuring more than 2000 images from the collection of
london's national gallery published by microsoft.  

selected ims activities

 the texas association of museums:  with grant
assistance from the institute of museum services,
texas museums are now linked by an in-state network,
making professional resources, comprehensive
information on exhibitions, and other materials
available online.

 "new orleans neighborhood development":  the
historic new orleans collection has developed an
interactive program with maps, photographs, and city
documents from 1800-1960.  the program provides
interactive tours of neighborhoods to help museums,
archives, and individuals do property research in
order to find historical building plans, obtain
permits for new buildings, and other aspects of city
planning. 

 harvard university biodiversity and biological
collections gopher:  contains entire databases of
catalogue information from systematic collections at
harvard's museum of comparative zoology and the grey
herbarium and other harvard arboretum and herbaria
collections as well as images from these collections.

other museum activities

 the museum computer network:  a non profit
organization dedicated to fostering the cultural aims
of museums through the use of computer technologies.
mcn sponsors special interest groups in archeology and
ethnography, art museums, internet, information system
managers, small museums, visual information, and
vocabulary and cataloging.  mcn actively supports
standards for automated recording and retrieval of 
museum information and is working towards creating
mechanisms for interchange of electronic information
in museums.  spectra is mcn's quarterly publication.

 cimi, the consortium for computer interchange of
museum information:  this is composed of organizations
in the united states, canada, and europe that are
collaborating to promote an open standards-based
approach to the creation and interchange of
information relating to the professional and business
activities of museums and cultural heritage
organizations.  in may 1993 they issued a standards
framework for the computer interchange of museum
information.

 the getty art history information program's museum
image and information standards project:   this
consortium will address the standards needed to guide
the future of digital imaging for the arts and
humanities:  the quality required for scholarly
research, the information needed to identify images,
and the right issues that improve or impede access.

 the association of art museum directors:  they have
recently created an internet news group, aamd-l, to
encourage conservators, educators, curators and
registrars to exchange conservation reports,
exhibition schedules, and other information leading to
time- and cost-saving standardization of forms and
practices, and pioneer collaborations on publications
over the internet.

 interactive computer modules in museums:  the neh
has supported a number of interactive videodisc
projects in conjunction with exhibitions it has
funded.

a current project, "windows on richmond," uses
computers and a database of images from a large
collection of historical photographs to allow visitors
to compare past views of richmond with richmond today.

an exhibition at the illinois state museum on domestic
life in illinois included interactive computer
stations entitled "voices and choices" in each section
of the exhibition.  by touchscreen visitors could put
themselves in the "shoes" of people from the past and
confront some of their life choices.  

computer stations in "the peopling of pennsylvania,"
an exhibition at the state museum of pennsylvania and
the balch institute for ethnic studies, allowed
visitors access to information about the lives of 200
historical personages.  an exhibition in the planning
stages at the computer museum in boston will use
computer technology almost exclusively to explore the
ethical, social, and cultural implications of "the
networked society."  as part of the exhibit the museum
has created a gopher server that will allow remote
visits by anyone with access to the internet.  remote
users will be able to access the museum's exhibit
text, images and interactive software.  a recent award
to the yeshiva museum in new york will use "virtual
reality" to transport exhibition visitors into the
interiors of ancient synagogues.  the exhibition will
travel nationally.

other federal agencies  

 smithsonian institution:  the smithsonian
institution is actively engaged in the new
technologies and is conducting numerous projects which
improve its technical capacity, extend its museums'
reach around the world by making some collections
accessible on the internet, and create programs that
are available to the public.  the smithsonian has
embarked on some private sector partnerships to
achieve these goals.  the deputy assistant secretary
for external affairs leads an institution-wide working
group on technology.   

 kennedy center:  the john f. kennedy center for the
performing arts has taken a leading role in arts
education issues and is designing and operating an
on-line information network called artsedge discussed
above.  artsedge maintains an "information gallery"
with profiles of existing arts education programs and
is developing an annotated on-line directory of video
resources available for arts educators.

 library of congress:  the library of congress would
like to establish, in collaboration with other major
libraries and the academic and philanthropic
communities, a national digital library, the
"electronic library of the future."  it will not be a
single entity, but actually multiple libraries
throughout the nation and world linked electronically. 
this national digital library will operate in two
realms.  first, the national digital collections will
comprise a body of materials in digital form, some of
it converted from library collections in traditional
formats and some of it digital in origin.  the
converted material will come from libraries and other
archival institutions all across the country and will
be accessible to anyone anywhere with a computer
linked to the international networks.  initially, the
unique and historically significant collections in
libraries   those most needed for educational and
scholarly purposes   will be targeted for digitization
and inclusion in the national digital collections.  
the second realm of activity relates to national
digital library services, in which libraries
cooperatively find new ways to catalog and preserve
digital research files, provide information networks
of new scope and effectiveness, and construct new
mechanisms for dealing with the intellectual property
rights of the creative community.

 department of education:  in february, 1994, the
department of education issued arts education, a
research agenda for the future.  it identified the use
of media and technology as one of the several trends
in american education likely to have a significant
impact on efforts to improve teaching and learning in
the arts and humanities subject areas.  project arts
(arts for rural teachers and students) is a consortium
headquartered at indiana state university and working
closely with other sites at converse college, south
carolina and new mexico state university to implement
visual and performing arts programs for students in
grades 3-5 in underserved rural disadvantaged and/or
ethnically diverse areas.  one of the major objectives
of this grant is "to include the use of new
technologies to encourage communication and exchanges
of locally developed curriculum materials between
schools at all program sites."

part iii: where do we want to be?

government and the private sector, as well as the
nonprofit educational and cultural sectors, have a
deep interest in an educated american citizenry.  the
humanities, arts and museums will provide much of the
educational and creative content on the nii and the
exciting and interactive teaching tools to reach
children in and out of school.  the nii is uniquely
suited to present the diverse cultures of our country;
to foster better understanding and even appreciation
of our differences as well as what brings us together.

government investment already is a major factor in the
innovative use of new technologies by the cultural
sector.  artists, scholars and museum experts can
continue to advance the entire field if they are
supported to communicate electronically, experiment,
build databases, and present material in exciting,
interactive ways to children and the public. 

the cultural sector needs public and private
investment to digitize collections, so that the
building blocks of knowledge (written, visual and oral
- and encompassing the broad range of cultures and
points of view) are freely available to the public. 
without a continued investment, the public will
receive only such cultural information as the
commercial sector chooses to present.  ultimately this
would hamper the ability of specialists and the
public to do original research and to create new
works.

the nii challenges us to determine how best to use
technology to foster the growth and dissemination of
knowledge and to link communities of informed
citizens.   this challenge will require imagination,
content, context, and interpretation, which are
essential ingredients of the arts and humanities. 
with foresight we can use the integrative powers of
the nii to build communities, improve our educational
system and reach the youth who are currently alienated
by formal education, and preserve our cultural
heritage for future generations.  the powers of this
new technology must be matched by bold thinking.  

short term projects

federal cultural agency electronic capability

all the federal agencies with cultural programs and
grant programs are at different levels of technical
capacity themselves.  some cannot communicate
electronically with applicants or grantees or even
panelists and staff.  the agencies need to develop
their own internal systems to better serve
constituencies and set a good example for the
nonprofit organizations.  

developing and expanding networks

early experience with the online media has shown that
most americans, cultural organizations, artists,
scholars, and citizens have a great deal to gain from
being able to communicate about ideas and issues and
problem in the arts and humanities.  on-line services
for cultural information exchange, such as arts wire,
urgently need to be expanded and made accessible and
more affordable to more subscribers.

public arts and humanities demonstration projects

the nii is the logical host for increasing the
cultural conversations so essential to sustain
participatory democracy and community.  an accessible
nii has the potential to strengthen the position of
the artist and humanist in the community and
encourage the continuity of cultural traditions.  

the neh, the nea, and ims should be encouraged to
develop national demonstration projects that use new
technologies in creative and experimental ways for
public humanities, museum and arts programs.  the
national endowment for the humanities has recently
announced its intention to sponsor a new initiative,
the "national conversation," on the topic of cultural
pluralism and our civic culture.  the nii could
provide an appropriate electronic forum for this and
other "town meetings" in the future.

demonstration projects might include planning grants
for the creation of interactive learning centers
housed in public institutions, such as libraries,
museums and performing arts centers.  ideally, nii
demonstrations would link the resources of these
institutions to stations in schools, shopping centers,
and living rooms.  museums, for example, could provide
access to information about permanent collections
(such as the micro gallery project at the national
gallery of art), with biographical, iconographical,
and cultural information about individual artists and
works as well as customized thematic "tours" of the
collections and the physical plant of the museum. 
other learning centers could feature humanities
cd-roms on a variety of literary, historical,
artistic, and cultural topics, perhaps with an option
to go "online" to get more current information or to
communicate with other repositories.

long-term projects

digitization of cultural collections project

public and private investment is needed to create,
preserve, and make available in digital format
america's diverse cultural heritage:  its art, its
archives, its libraries.  we need to make the building
blocks of knowledge accessible not only to scholars
and artists but to the general public to research,
combine in their own ways, and contribute their own
knowledge.  the federal government should not decide
what constitutes this critical mass of information but
should invest in enough projects to include the depth
and breadth of american thought and culture.  if the
nii succeeds in reaching all americans, it will
provide virtually instantaneous access to an enormous
quantity and variety of information the diaries of
ordinary americans as well as the papers of statesmen,
videotaped performances, folklore collections, and a
wealth of databases, newspapers, and photographs. 
however, the ability of this exciting new technology
to convey this complex heritage will be strictly
limited by what is available in digital form.  our
society needs an investment in documenting its
cultural heritage comparable in scale to the human
genome project or the biological diversity
documentation initiative.  

the costs of retrospective digitization of our
nation's cultural collections will far exceed the
capabilities of the nonprofit institutions which care
for and transmit this priceless heritage.  at a time
when these institutions would like to be investing
millions of dollars in new technologies and digitizing
existing collections, many are struggling to keep
their doors open and to meet rising operating
expenses.  dance companies, to take one example from
the performing arts, are often the sole repositories
of choreographers' notes and staging instructions. 
today, most american dance ensembles do not have the
ability to preserve, even by using current video
technology, an adequate record of the works they
commission and present.  in fact, many dance companies
remain solvent only by extended touring, often abroad,
to raise funds to pay their companies.  

museums, historical societies, and research libraries
are hardly in better shape.  colleges and universities
have resorted to tuition hikes to supplement income
from endowments and to balance budgets.  many art
museums report operating deficits, and although
endowment funds for all museums have increased in the
past decade, income from these funds has failed
proportionately to keep up with increasing expenses. 
operating support provided by governmental bodies also
has declined significantly in recent years. 
independent research libraries -- where much of the
nation's most valuable texts and resources are housed
-- are in an especially precarious financial state,
and many balance their budgets only by drawing from
endowments.  reports from library associations
emphasize the long-term financial threat to these
and other repositories.  clearly, our nonprofit
institutions in the arts and the humanities are in no
condition to shoulder the massive costs of digitizing
these collections.  leaders in the nonprofit sector of
the arts and the humanities worry about stabilizing
their current operations.  if our nation's cultural
legacy is to be preserved and advanced, new financing
is needed.  

education and training initiatives

education and training in the uses of digital
technology for creating, presenting or preserving art
and other cultural artifacts should be facilitated. 
we fully support the immediate objectives and
long-term goals expressed in "a transformation of
learning:  use of the nii for education and life-long
learning," of putting the information infrastructure
to work.  implementation of these goals will ensure
that our nation's schools will be properly equipped
and connected to take maximum advantage of the
capabilities of the nii.  the nii can offer
information, communication, and learning opportunities
that meet high standards of quality and help america
reach the national education goals.  america's
educational and arts infrastructure represents a vast
amount of high-quality content available for
distribution over the nii not only to our nation's
children, but to their parents as well.  access to our
nation's cultural institutions is as important as
access to centers of scholarship such as libraries,
universities and research facilities.

pilot projects in the humanities and arts for
educating at-risk

youth should extend mentoring and the infrastructure
to provide interactive access points for those without
network access.  interagency collaborations and
partnerships which use digital technologies in
conjunction with the arts to help combat the nation's
social challenges such as crime, violence, and
misunderstandings between races and ethnic or cultural
groups should be encouraged.  the national endowment
for the arts already provides funds to non-profit arts
organizations with youth programs, including the
manchester craftsmen's guild in pittsburgh, jazzmobile
in harlem, and self-help graphics in los angeles. 
these and other organizations provide free,
professional-level music and visual arts training to
inner-city youth.  with appropriate nii facilities
these organizations could reach more "at risk"
children and teenagers, while electronic linkups could
enable these centers to share resources and ideas.

state and local agencies already have launched
promising new programs which need replication.  for
example, under the leadership of mayor wilbur smith in
fort meyers, florida, a program called stars (success
through academic and recreational support) established
partnerships with youth organizations and arts groups
throughout the city to place young people identified
as "at-risk" in existing programs.  when the stars
program began, only one quarter of the 2000 students
involved had a grade average above c.  today, 3 years
later, 80 percent of these participants have a grade
of c or better.  juvenile crime in the city of fort
meyers decreased by 20 percent over the last 3 years,
while the youth violence rate in the country
increased.  the u.s. conference of mayors recently
called on the federal agencies to create stars-type
programs across the country.  the nii could serve as a
vital link between local governments and arts agencies
in spreading this and other useful models.  plus,
the nii could be the vehicle for young people to share
their experiences and their works with others, and to
find on-line mentors.

the nii could help expand the partnership between the
national endowment for the arts and the corporation
for national and community service's americorps
national service program.  the writers corp, a
literacy project administered by local arts agencies
in three cities, will involve authors and youths and
could be greatly expanded by the use of the nii to
link other arts agencies and localities.  

national initiative to develop software for classroom
use

the neh intends to undertake a special, three-year
initiative to support the development, testing, and
evaluation of pedagogical software for enhancing
teaching in the humanities.  the initiative will also
prepare teachers to make effective use of the new
technologies in strengthening their teaching of
humanities topics and in extending access to new
student audiences.

research and demonstration projects on access to
digitized resources in the arts and humanities

an important step in the development of the nii would
be the capacity to fund a series of pilot projects to
enable selected groups of artists and scholars to
experiment with a representative corpus of scanned
materials significant to their disciplines.  technical
experts would work with the artists and scholars who
would then be in a position to recommend the software
and protocols that will be necessary to help ensure
that digitized resources will meet the distinctive
needs of each area.

census of digital resources

scholars, artists, and librarians at hundreds of
institutions across the nation have created local
databases of digitized materials in the arts and
humanities.  there is an urgent need for a census of
these materials to promote wider access to these
resources and avoid costly duplication of effort.  the
census would provide a listing on the internet of what
materials have been digitized, where they are located,
and how the material is represented (i.e., text,
graphics, moving images, etc.).

development of "navigational tools"

to move the user to the center of this new universe of
information requires the development of navigational
tools which go beyond gopher, mosaic and other tools
we know today. 

electronic libraries 

another important "next step" in the development of
the nii would be the capacity to support a pilot
project that would demonstrate what will be necessary
to design a prototypical "virtual library" of the
future:  its governance, organization, economics, and
educational functions, as well as its technological
infrastructure.  although there is much talk about the
"virtual library," there has been little research or
actual engagement with the complex set of issues that
must be resolved before such a library can become a
reality.  emory university is now preparing to embark
on a project, in cooperation with harvard and yale, to
explore these issues and implement a working model for
sharing digitized collections from these three
institutions.  the findings from this project could
then be translated to other consortia of research
libraries, public libraries, archives, and historical
societies.  




from jseiger@eff.org  thu sep 15 14:02:47 1994
received: from [192.77.172.171] (figallo.eff.org [192.77.172.171]) by eff.org (8.6.9/8.6.6) with smtp id oaa18731 for ; thu, 15 sep 1994 14:02:45 -0400
message-id: <199409151802.oaa18731@eff.org>
x-sender: jseiger@eff.org
mime-version: 1.0
content-type: text/plain; charset="us-ascii"
date: thu, 15 sep 1994 14:02:48 -0500
to: mech@eff.org
from: gopher@ntiaunix1.ntia.doc.gov (gopher) (by way of jseiger@eff.org (jonah
 seiger))
subject: [complete document]
status: o

standards and procedures for the preservation of
knowledge

there is also an urgent need to support demonstration
projects that will define and promote shared methods
and standards for the production, storage, and
distribution of digital images.  the computerization
of cultural projects and materials, viability issues,
plans for long term maintenance and distribution must
be coordinated.  any database developed without
thought for permanence and reusability of the data and
images ultimately constitutes a net loss, not a gain
of information.  without the experience gained by
these pilot projects, we will lack the basic building
blocks for an effective nii.  already, tentative
efforts are underway to coordinate digitization
projects. for example, there is now a group of 11
universities that have formed a digital preservation
consortium (uc berkeley, columbia, cornell, harvard,
michigan, pennsylvania state, princeton, stanford,
usc, tennessee, and yale) to explore these issues, but
they have not been able to secure the financial
support necessary to accomplish this work.  in order
to ensure that a comprehensive range of cultural
material is available and accessible on the nii, it is
essential to build digital resources.  there remain
questions to be resolved:

 what are the definitions of quality for visual and
aural image collections?  what level of resolution is
adequate for online viewing?  are there different
levels for different disciplines?

 what kinds of documentation are needed to accompany
visual and aural images? 

 what are acceptable compression standards for
distribution?

 sufficiently high bandwidth and speed must be
assured to meet the needs of artists and cultural
institutions.  without an ability to present
high-resolution images, full-motion video and
multi-channel stereo sound, museums and other cultural
institutions will not be able to transmit images or
sound that is faithful to the full quality of the art
they present.  for research purposes scholars in art
history or musicology will want the highest fidelity
possible, as will audiences and performers.  

 a critical issue for both the audio and video
industries is the development of  universal/global
headers that will allow the seamless, interactive,
user-driven transfer of information across all
networks.  for audio, the information might include
number of channels, audio sampling rate, style of
encoding, alternate channels (languages) available. 
the header may also be required to carry some
information about the history of the program.  for
video, the information might include the type of video
received (e.g., pal, ntsc, secam, cd-i), the size of
the enclosed data packet, compression type, copyright
information, and software algorithms for decoding.

development of universal headers will facilitate the
integration of all end platforms from hdtv to pcs. 
this type of addressing will preserve the options for
high quality audio and video, ensure user choice, and
facilitate seamless processing without user
intervention. 

 switched network and capacity and spectrum
reservation studies are necessary to explore how a
switched network can successfully serve the needs of
the cultural sector, especially the nonprofit arts and
cultural institutions.  guidance is needed on how to
develop meaningful access for non profits on the nii.
what will netcasting in the public interest
mean/require in a switched network?  what is
"appropriate capacity" in a switched network?  by what
gauges should the public interest be measured?

in some areas it may make sense to set aside portions
of the spectrum for alternative programming, such as
public access or cultural presentations.

federal copyright laws 

dialogue which might lead to solutions to major issues
of concern to authors and artists such as the
protection of intellectual property rights, fair
compensation and universal access should continue to
be actively promoted.

the challenges to copyright law presented by new
technologies are numerous.  the health of our
intellectual property industries depends on the
structures implemented to protect the rights of the
creative community and its institutions.  new media,
which allow the use of music, video, still images, and
text, raise questions about copyright law and
contracts.  the granting of rights for future
technological developments is of particular concern. 
the uncertainty in this field is inhibiting
acquisition and uses of images and texts.

part iv: how are we going to get there?

the federal government can promote and facilitate
partnerships between public and private sectors which
ensure that: 

 technology developed by federal laboratories is
transferred and used to nurture intellectual property
and the cultural sector.  conversely, digitizing
cultural information, and supporting the works of
scholars and artists will produce technology transfer
back to industry.

 the humanities, arts and museums receive enough
investment to acquire technology tools, share their
collections and knowledge, and develop their future
creative potentials.

 there is a planned, well structured process for
setting technical standards, to present quality
cultural information, imagery and sound in consistent
format, yet does not exclude cultural communities from
offering their heritage, ideas and works.

 there are enough demonstrations and model projects
that develop arts and humanities content, and link the
nonprofits with their users and audiences.

by interacting with the cultural sector, the federal
government can set a vision, help set national goals,
and establish the policy framework for an nii that
functions as a new cultural medium itself.

issues and questions to be addressed

getting government cultural agencies online

many of the examples in this paper of how the arts,
humanities and museums are using and developing new
technologies are results, in part, of federal funding
and public-private partnerships.  because the agencies
discussed in this paper are and can be such important
catalysts, they themselves need to have a greater
technical capacity and ability to communicate with the
field.

how can the federal government ensure that the
agencies responsible for developing the arts and
humanities and museums and other federal agencies with
cultural programs are able to participate in
electronic conferencing and developing of electronic
services?

access to the nii

through the nii, the arts and humanities will be
available to americans in inner cities, rural areas,
on reservations and in ethnic communities, in
hospitals, schools, libraries, museums, and art
centers.  people with little or no access to the
riches of our humanistic and artistic traditions can
learn about them, see and hear them, and create their
own ideas and works.

cultural organizations, artists, scholars and citizens
involved in these disciplines will be able to
communicate with each other and build on each others'
knowledge.

how will the government assure equitable access to the
nii, so that all americans can explore diverse
cultures and bodies of knowledge?  how will learning
centers and cultural organizations obtain the tools to
use, interact with and help build the nii?  how can
cultural organizations and learning centers be nii
access points for people in their towns and
neighborhoods?

the nii can bring people together

the arts, humanities and museums will contribute to
the civic good by helping people understand and
communicate about the diverse cultures of america.

what role does the government have to help diverse
communities develop their cultural material and ideas
to share and explore with others on the nii?  how can
the nii be used to have informed "national
conversations" about all kinds of issues? 

creating a national cultural collection

the combined wealth of information in our libraries,
museums, and cultural organizations constitute a vast
national cultural collection to be made available
digitally to people everywhere.

how will the government ensure that our complete
cultural history, to the extent practical, is
available in digital form?  can digitizing cultural
collections, historical and contemporary, occur in a
comprehensive, coordinated process?  how will
collections of all kinds be identified and made
available?

setting standards

setting standards will assure consistent, quality
information that will be available to the nii,
transfer to business applications, and bring our
cultural riches vividly to life for users.

how can the federal government best assist the private
sector in the development of standards for various
classes of information?  how can it assure effective
coordination among government cultural agencies?  what
standards should federal, state and local agencies use
with their grantees and contractors?

how should the federal cultural agencies address such
issues as resolution standards for scanning,
digitization, and presentation of images and other
graphic materials?  what navigational tools can be
developed so that researchers and others can
communicate across databases?

learning through new technologies

the arts and humanities are an essential part of every
child's education, and a part of government's goals
2000 initiative.  educators find that training in the
arts and in the humanities develops discipline,
promotes teamwork, critical thinking, ability to make
informed choices, and the ability to express one's
self constructively and communicate with others.  this
training also teaches the visual and media literacy
that will assist young people to decipher and use the
nii. 

how will all levels of government include the arts and
humanities disciplines in the  curriculum?  how can
the nii encourage the adoption of the national
standards established for the arts and for humanities?

how can existing models for teaching these
disciplines, for integrating them into the school day
and using them to teach other subjects be
disseminated?  how will models for teaching that use
new technologies be supported?  how can scholars,
artists and teachers be supported to work together to
develop educational content and creative presentation
in new teaching tools?

creating content

the arts, humanities and museums will develop content
for the nii.  the cultural sector can help develop the
nii by creating educational and engaging content that
in turn will create demand and participation.

how will the federal government support the cultural
sector to build databases and use materials from
history, literature and the other humanities
disciplines and present the arts in all their variety
with their surrounding body of knowledge?  what model
projects can receive investment to use the technology
creatively?  

contributing to organizational stability and reaching
new audiences

in the past 30 years government has encouraged
cultural development and has supported an
infrastructure of organizations.  colleges and
universities, research libraries, dance and theater
companies, music ensembles and centers, nonprofit
presses, folk life centers, media centers and
workshops all are part of the humanities, arts and
museums infrastructure across america that assures
access by a wide number of people and makes available
a diversity of thought, research and art forms.  these
nonprofits are often small, understaffed, in need of
better facilities and in danger of debt.  to be part
of the information infrastructure, they will need
assistance.

how can all levels of government and the private
sector support cultural organizations to achieve
enough stability to acquire the tools and training
they need to be part of the nii?   how will cultural
organizations of all kinds be able to use the
nii to reach new audiences?  how can cultural
offerings on the nii, such as virtual museums and
hypertext, encourage participants to seek out the
original experience:  to visit a museum, attend a
concert, go to a lecture?

how can cultural organizations use the nii to improve
management, learn from each other, survey their
students, participants and audiences?  how can they
use it to achieve economies in management, such as
storing, researching and publishing information or
doing block-booking? 

federal copyright

how will the federal government protect intellectual
property rights and ensure appropriate compensation
for artistic creations and original scholarship and
writing?  how can issues of rights and reproductions
be resolved so that images do not become the private
domain of a select few?

educating and training humanists, artists and other
users

training and educating artists, scholars and other
trained practitioners in the arts, humanities and
museum community can add to the general store of
knowledge on the nii, shape content and even advance
technology.  artists, scholars, designers, curators
and others need access points and training to
communicate and collaborate on new works and
experiment with the technology.  educators and
managers of cultural nonprofits will need training to
use the nii and understand the potential uses of
digital technology.

how will the government be a catalyst for training? 
will the government and the public and private sectors
work together to plan regional labs or access points
where training and experiments take place?  how will
the government encourage educational and other
institutions to share technology and become training
centers and or access points for the scholarly and
creative communities?  can the government and private
sector cooperate so that artists and scholars can
collaborate with engineers, software developers and
manufacturers?  

conclusion

the national information infrastructure promises to
extend the power of the human imagination to new
frontiers, and american artists and scholars will be
at the forefront of this exploration.  through the nii
the arts and the humanities will play a vital role in
creating a new sense of citizenship and community, in
strengthening our schools and offering exciting
challenges to our children, and in creating new
industries and works of art and scholarship yet
unimagined. 

the nii will provide the tools for bringing the world
of the arts and humanities to our nation's inner
cities and rural areas. the nii will bring new
opportunities and resources to our nation's
disadvantaged youth, allowing them to share their
ideas, thoughts and creative energies, and to make new
links with other young people throughout the nation.   

the nii can give all americans, of all races, ages and
locations, their cultural birthright:  access to the
highest quality thought and art of this and prior
generations.  

endnotes

[ 1]   in this paper (as in the authorizing
legislation for the national endowment for the arts)
the arts include music, dance, drama, folk art,
creative writing, architecture and design, painting
and sculpture, photography, graphic and craft arts,
costume and fashion design, motion pictures, radio and
television, and film, video and sound rerecording.

       the definition of the humanities encompasses
languages, both classical and modern, linguistics,
literature, history, jurisprudence, philosophy,
comparative religion, ethics, the history, theory and
criticism of the arts, and archaeology and other
fields in the social sciences that employ humanistic
methods of inquiry.

[ 2]   the national information infrastructure, the j.
paul getty trust, may 12, 1994.

[ 3]   the public affairs coalition of the alliance of
motion picture and television producers, the economic
impact of motion picture, television & commercial
production in california.  (los angeles, 1994) p. 6. 
(executive summary on technological development).

[ 4]   international intellectual property alliance. 
copyright industries in the u.s. economy: 1993
perspective.  (washington, d.c., 1993), table 10.

[ 5]   international intellectual property alliance. 
copyright industries in the u.s. economy: 1993
perspective.  (washington, d.c., 1993), p.9.

[ 6]   we recognize that copyright issues are a
crucial aspect of the nii's development.  many believe
that our body of copyright law is flexible enough and
our technology powerful enough (with encryption and
software enveloping) to protect our creative
communities.  this entire area of the law is currently
under review, and copyright issues are examined in a
recent report by the iitf working group on
intellectual property rights.

[ 7]   national assembly of local arts agencies, arts
in the local economy (washington, d.c., 1994).

[ 8]   the public affairs coalition of the alliance of
motion pictures and television producers, the economic
impact of motion picture, television and commercial
production in california, 1994.

[ 9]   cited in jobs, the arts, and the economy:
highlighting the findings from nalaa's arts in the
local economy" study (washington, d.c., nalaa, 1994)p.
13.

[10]   port authority of new york and new jersey.  the
arts as an industry: their economic importance to the
new york-new jersey metropolitan region.  (new york:
1993).

[11]   greater washington research center.  the
economic impact of the smithsonian institution on the
washington metropolitan area.  (washington, d.c.,
1994).

[12]   nonprofit almanac, 1992-1993.  (washington,
d.c.: independent sector, 1993), p. 126.

[13]   u.s. department of commerce, natinal income and
product accounts of the united states, statistical
tables, various years.


[14]   national endowment of the arts, arts
participation in america:  1982-92.  prepared by jack
faucett associates; compiled by john p. robinson,
university of maryland.  october 1993.

[15]   national endowment of the arts, arts in
america: 1990, appendix c.

[16]   digest of education statistics, u.s. department
of education, 1992.

[17]   washington post, march 11, 1994, and greater
washington research center.

references

american council for learned societies and the j. paul
getty trust, technology,  scholarship, and the
humanities:  the implications of electronic
information (new york, 1993).

lydecker, kent.  impact and implications of
multimedia, museums and interactive multimedia, pp.
290-4, diane lees, ed.(cambridge, uk).

standards framework for the computer interchange of
museum information; may, 1993 museum computer network
national assembly of state arts agencies, building 
coalitions for a creative america, a practical guide
to federal resources for cultural activities. 1994

acknowledgments

museum computer network
j. paul getty trust
george lucas educational foundation
john perry barlow
linda bell, ims
jeff berg
martha chowning
karen christensen
dr. elizabeth cohen
don evans
jeffrey field
mickey hart
charles henry, vassar college
ellen mcculloch-lovell
kent lydecker, dept. of education,
the metropolitan museum  of art
olive mosier
barbara paulson
malcolm richardson
scott sanders
marsha semmel
mayor wilbur smith, fort meyers, fla
nicholas spitzer
keith stephens
arthur tsuchiya

last updated:  september 7, 1994


public safety and the national information
infrastructure (nii): supporting law enforcement and
criminal justice 


draft for public comment


part i:  what is the application arena?

public safety

"public safety" means different things to different
people.  to the professional living in suburbia, it's
home burglary, car theft, and concern about being
mugged at the bank teller machine.  to the homeless,
it's being set on fire while sleeping.  to the farmer,
it's fear of being shot while driving in the city.  to
the city dweller, it's random shootings, muggings, and
gang violence.  to the fan at the ballpark, it's
pickpockets.

the cop on the city beat has a very different view of
public safety from the federal agent working an
international terrorism conspiracy.  drug smuggling
from outside the country is connected to drug violence
in low-income city housing projects, but the people
who combat them work for different levels of
government, have different jobs, and use different
tools and techniques.

public safety is first and foremost prevention and
deterrence of violent crime against people and their
property.  second, is apprehension and punishment of
those who break society's rules regarding such
behavior.  together, these have given rise to two
major industries.  one focuses on security; the other
on law enforcement and criminal justice.  the national
information infrastructure (nii) will be important to
both, just as it will be important to city cops,
federal agents, prosecutors, judges, and jailers.

law enforcement and criminal justice

one often hears the term "criminal justice system,"
and conjures images of police officers in blue, judges
in black, and prison inmates in stripes.  each of whom
are players on a big stage, connected in a centuries-
old process or "system" in which each plays a role
relative to the other.

it starts with the rules society makes for the
acceptable behavior of its citizens and organizations,
and the penalties it imposes for those who act
unacceptably.  some rules derive from pre-colonial
common law, but most derive from statutes (laws), as
do the penalties.  taken together, the laws (the
"criminal code") define the various offenses against
society and their respective penalties.  the criminal
justice system is the process by which those laws are
enforced.

the criminal laws in our nation are predominately a
matter for individual states.  each has its own
criminal code and its own infrastructure for
enforcement.  in addition, the federal government has
laws dealing with matters that cut across state lines
or are unique to the national defense or other aspects
of the federal government.  however, in numbers of
offenses, offenders, police, judges, and jailers, the
state and local numbers dwarf those of the federal
government.  about 95 percent of all law enforcement
personnel in the united states work for state and
local governments; and of the 17,000 law enforcement
agencies in the country, 90 percent have no more than
two dozen officers.  half have only a dozen or fewer,
and only about 60 agencies have a thousand or more.

whether federal, state, or municipal, the criminal
justice system is basically the same.  the congress,
legislature, or city council passes laws that
establish misdemeanor and felony offenses and their
penalties; creates and funds investigative and police
agencies that are empowered to make arrests;
establishes and funds a system of courts to adjudicate
civil as well as criminal cases; and creates and funds
institutions and agencies for the punishment and
rehabilitation of offenders.

when a person or organization acts in a way that some



from jseiger@eff.org  thu sep 15 14:02:56 1994
received: from [192.77.172.171] (figallo.eff.org [192.77.172.171]) by eff.org (8.6.9/8.6.6) with smtp id oaa18755 for ; thu, 15 sep 1994 14:02:54 -0400
message-id: <199409151802.oaa18755@eff.org>
x-sender: jseiger@eff.org
mime-version: 1.0
content-type: text/plain; charset="us-ascii"
date: thu, 15 sep 1994 14:02:56 -0500
to: mech@eff.org
from: gopher@ntiaunix1.ntia.doc.gov (gopher) (by way of jseiger@eff.org (jonah
 seiger))
subject: [complete document]
status: o

law says is a criminal offense, the system is brought
to bear in a series of connected steps.  in its most
simple terms, step one is the gathering of evidence of
the violation by police or investigative personnel. 
step two is the arrest or apprehension of the
violator.  step three is the determination of guilt or
innocence in a court of law.  step four is the
determination of the penalty to be paid if the
violator is convicted of the offense.  step five is
the execution or payment of the penalty; and step six
is the return to society of the offender, usually
involving monitoring in a condition called parole.

prevention and deterrence

what we really mean when we speak of "public safety"
is the ability to live our daily lives without fear
for our personal safety or the safety of our loved
ones, and without fear of the theft of or willful
damage to our property.  society seeks to minimize
those fears in two ways.  one is in the certain
apprehension and punishment of offenders, and the
other is through a variety of strategies for the
prevention and deterrence of crime.

whereas the criminal justice system exists to
apprehend, punish, and rehabilitate offenders, "public
safety" depends heavily on the countless daily actions
of individuals, groups, and governmental agencies to
make our homes, neighborhoods, and communities safer. 
some of the ways we deter crime other than through the
criminal justice system are through barriers to entry
into our homes, automobiles and offices; neighborhood
"watches" or patrols; lighting of streets and
sidewalks; security screening in airports; and the
simple presence of police officers on our streets and
security guards where we gather.  we also educate our
children about which behaviors are permissible and
which are not, about how to avoid victimization, and
about the penalties for violating the criminal laws. 
that education has been enhanced and extended recently
by public-service media advertisements featuring the
mcgruff "take a bite out of crime!" figure.

nowhere does the expression, "an ounce of prevention
is worth a pound of cure," apply more than in the
realm of public safety.  because of the attention
being paid to information technology and
telecommunications in the criminal justice system, it
is easy to overlook the less structured and
governmentally sponsored realm of prevention and
deterrence.  yet the latter may prove ultimately to be
a most fruitful area for nii investment and targeting. 
thus, the public safety application arena for the nii
must encompass such prevention and deterrence
techniques as detection and signaling of intrusions,
screening of persons who are acquiring certain kinds
of guns, and citizen involvement in crime-solving.

prevention and deterrence is itself an enormous
application area in the nii.  a whole industry of
manufactured devices has been created in the span of a
couple decades, and another industry of security
services based on telecommuni-cations has also arisen. 
it has been estimated that, nationwide, we are
spending at least $50 billion on private security, and
that the industry employs about 1.5 million people,
including about 900,000 who work as security guards.

throughout the land, the "911" emergency num-ber is
making every telephone an instrument for potential
crime prevention and deterrence, in addition to
summoning help when a crime is committed.  as portable
telephones and personal communicators enter the scene,
anyone walking down the street or lying on the beach
may deter crime simply by the display of a device that
can summon police and cause a crime description to be
recorded.  criminals seeking targets of opportunity
may pause at the sight of the phone in the hand of an
intended victim or bystander.

who are the parties in the system?

of all areas of society, the criminal justice system
probably comprises the biggest array of organizations
and job descriptions.  what ties them together are
structured flows of information.  not unlike a raw
material for a manufactured product, an offender
passes through one stage after another, from one
custody to another.  all that the stages have in
common are offenders and the information that
accompanies them.

the first parties to deal with criminal offenses are
the line officers of the local police and county
sheriff departments, state highway patrol, park
rangers, drug enforcement agents, and other federal,
state and local law enforcement agencies.  their
investigations are supported by forensic scientists
and technicians, and the records and data processors
who operate fingerprint files and computer data banks. 
the criminal cases they prepare are turned over to
prosecuting attorneys who work for whichever
government's law has been violated.  the prosecutors
interact with the opposing defense attorneys and with
the personnel - magistrates, examiners, clerks and
judges - who staff the courts.

if the criminal case goes to trial, ordinary citizens
are summoned to be jurors and witnesses; and if the
case results in a conviction a new set of
organizations and people enters the stage.  they
include pre-sentencing examiners, corrections officers
and managers, and parole boards and officers.  all
together, about 1.65 million people are employed in
the nation's many criminal justice systems.

overseeing the systems are countless non-governmental
organizations, legislative committees, academicians
and researchers, and concerned private citizens.  what
they and all the system participants have in common is
the reliance on certain kinds of information, and the
timely and complete communication of that information.

like a delicate machine with many interacting parts,
the criminal justice system poses great challenges for
its planning, funding and management, not only within
jurisdictions but also between them.  increasing the
numbers of police and investigators without increasing
prosecutors can mean that offenders will escape
punishment because their cases will not get to a
courtroom.  increasing police and prosecutors without
increasing judges and court personnel can mean that
cases may be dropped or dismissed because the
judiciary can't process them.  increasing all of these
without increasing prison capacity can mean that
offenders will be returned to the streets too soon for
lack of space in which to incarcerate them.

some dominant issues

resource allocation

the overriding issue in public safety today is where
governments should allocate their scarce resources in
order to achieve acceptable levels of safety for their
citizens and businesses.  while this is very much a
matter of perception and emotion, the nii can play a
positive role by fostering investments and
technologies that let people feel more connected to
police and others to whom they look for protection
against crime.  portable telephones and communicating
devices that can summon help at the press of buttons
may have a profound effect on public safety
everywhere.  

a specific resource allocation question is what
tradeoffs to make between hiring more criminal justice
workers and equipping the existing workforce with more
powerful information technologies.  after all,
telecommunications and information, in combination
with physical evidence, have become the sine qua non
of the fight against crime.  few criminal offenders
are apprehended in the process of committing their
crimes, and few police officers arrive at crime scenes
by pure serendipity.  by leveraging investments in
information technology and infrastructure, the nii can
help governments across the country realize a greater
return on their scarce dollars.

when it comes to governmental budgets, each
jurisdiction is affected by what others choose to do. 
the effects are not confined to interplay between
cities and counties over which will patrol what roads,
or between two states wishing to prosecute an offender
who committed crimes in both.  they extend also to
such resource allocation decisions as whether to
invest in automobiles or laboratories or radio
systems.  two neighbors may have different priorities,
as may cities and their respective states.

recidivism and crimes while awaiting trial

public safety professionals in almost every
jurisdiction are struggling with how to prevent
offenders from committing subsequent offenses. 
considering how may crimes are second, third, or
fourth offenses, the issue cannot be overstressed. 
the recent spate of "three strikes and you're in" laws
confirm this.  it is interesting to note how great a
role information and its processing is playing in
efforts to combat recidivism.  offender criminal
histories, analyses, and even "artificial
intelligence" techniques are being brought to bear not
only on sentencing and parole determinations, but also
on pretrial release of persons who are felt to pose a
significant risk of committing additional or
subsequent crimes.  the nii can enhance these efforts
by enabling more relevant information to be focused on
such determinations in a more timely manner.

citizen involvement

how to foster and use the involvement of individual
citizens is a third key issue.  it takes many forms,
from simple precautions aimed at discouraging crime,
to testifying in court.  the nii can foster
involvements by delivering multimedia education, and
multimedia information about criminals and their
crimes; and also by creating an infrastructure to
enable citizens to summon help more quickly and in a
wider range of circumstances.

all segments of society

the fourth issue is closely related, namely how to
provide comparable levels of safety to all persons,
regardless where they may live, work, or play, and
regardless of their income.  to be truly "national,"
the nii must support public safety services to
everyone at costs they or their local governments can
afford.  the national center for missing and exploited
children is posting pictures of missing children on
the internet, but those children may be located in
city neighborhoods or remote countrysides where no one
has ever heard of the internet, much less use it,
either now or in the foreseeable future.  the pictures
need another route to the populace besides the
internet.

knowledge versus privacy

an issue that has been with us for a long time and
will continue to influence our decisions is the
tension between the public's right to information
affecting the public health, welfare and safety, and
an individual's right to personal privacy.  part of
the nii will be new mechanisms for creating databases
and information repositories, and sharing and using
them in new ways.  the tension will play out in both
the technological and political arenas.  one of the
greatest challenges for the nii will be to ensure
protection of personal privacy in an infrastructure
that by its very nature is oriented to maximize the
disclosure and availability of information about all
things, including individual citizens.

potential benefits of improved information
infrastructure

crime is expensive.  estimates place its yearly cost
to u.s. society at $163 billion, or almost two-thirds
of what we spend on national defense.  individual
victims pay some of those costs, while governments and
their taxpayers pay by far the larger portion.  unlike
such other application areas as manufacturing,
commerce, and libraries, there is no investment
leverage from fighting crime.  all that is gained is a
reduction in costs.

because those costs are so enormous, even modest
reductions can yield considerable benefits.  two
examples readily come to mind.  one is prison
construction, which has become the fastest-growing
segment of state budgets.  if the nation did not have
to contend with an inmate population that has tripled
since 1980, these sums could be spent far more
productively on such infrastructure improvements as
roads and telecommunications.  although the prison
construction is necessitated partly to replace aging
facilities, both the states and the federal government
are creating the space primarily to incarcerate new
and repeat offenders for longer periods of time, in
response to increases in the incidence and prosecution
of crime.

another example is the recent history of adverse
effects on the tourism industry in southern florida as
a result of crimes committed against visitors from
abroad.  in an era of ubiquitous, fast, and relatively
affordable travel, people from around the globe are
visiting the united states.  perhaps the only
noneconomic condition that will discourage this travel
and its economic benefits to our country is the fear
for a visitor's personal safety.

information infrastructure used to support the war on
crime holds the potential for cost reductions in many
ways.  when it plays a role in fighting organized
crime, including international cartels, and in
reducing the flow of illegal drugs into the country,
its result may be the redirection of tens or hundreds
of millions of dollars from crime bosses and their
underlings in other nations to honest citizens and
their businesses here in the united states.

to the extent that the information infrastructure
contributes to reductions in crime against individual
citizens, it may yield the greatest benefits of all. 
apart from simply feeling safe and secure in one's
home and place of work, in travel and recreation, and
in conducting the daily affairs of life in a community
of people, the benefits are strongly economic.  crime
against property results in costs to repair or
replace, and in lost business and wages.  crime
against people costs not only in medical expense but
in lost productivity and in the need for social
services.  together, these costs in the united states
are estimated to approach $20 billion.  nii
investments to reduce such costs are bound to be
welcomed by the american public.

how do we measure results?

public safety offers two ways of describing its
condition.  one is through an array of statistics
about the incidence and costs of crime.  another is
through perceptions   how people "feel"   which
perhaps is evidenced best by the words and deeds of
elected officials and the outcomes of elections. 
these two forms of measurement do not always coincide. 
crime may not be the most important political issue at
a time when it is increasing, and, conversely, it may
be the electorate's paramount concern at a time when
it is actually in decline.

in terms of dispassionate statistics, there are
countless measurements of the incidence of crime, the
costs of crime, the rates of recidivism, the
effectiveness of different strategies of parole
monitoring, etc.  as new information infrastructure is
brought to bear on the incidence and costs of crime
and the perceptions as well as reality of safety, it
will be reasonable to compare those infrastructure
costs with the reductions in the occurrence and costs
of crime.

part ii:  where are we now?

broad trends to date

apart from the underlying societal conditions that
have given rise to increases in crime, several broad
trends have emerged in the criminal justice system
since world war ii (ww ii).

reliance on radio communications, and mobility

a half-century ago, police officers patrolled city
neighborhoods on foot.  to communicate with their
headquarters, they walked to special call-boxes, which
were dedicated telephone circuits to headquarters
dispatchers.  in a relatively short period of time,
radio systems replaced  call boxes, impacting, via the
automobile, the foot patrol officers who used them
most.

initially, the radio equipment was of a size and
weight that required an automobile.  automobiles also
let police departments respond more quickly to
requests for help, and cover larger areas with fewer
officers   essential in suburbia.  today, with the
development of micro-miniaturization, radio equipment
can be worn on an officer's belt, enabling local
authorities to rediscover "neighborhood policing" on
foot and even on bicycles.  the nii can support this
trend, principally through actions in wireless
communications.

public safety as we know it today grew up around radio
technology, and depends more heavily on that one
technology than all others combined.  the national
crime information center (ncic) would be almost
meaningless without the radio link between police
dispatchers and patrol cars.  without radio
dispatching of officers to crime scenes or citizens in
distress, communities would be faced with the choice
of increasing their patrol forces by perhaps an order
of magnitude, or of being unable to respond in time to
apprehend criminals, render citizen assistance, and
gather essential crime-scene data.

reliance on "listening"

while sherlock holmes didn't solve crimes by
electronically eavesdropping on criminals, today's
detectives rely greatly on that technology, especially
against crime that involves conspiracy.  organized
crime syndicates have been crippled after government
informers have worn body microphones, or after its
meeting places have been "bugged" by criminal
investigators.  as criminals have switched to planning
their conspiracies via telephone conversations instead
of postal letters, telephone wiretaps have succeeded
postal interceptions as a crucial technique for
preventing crime and gathering evidence.

ironically, from the perspective of public safety, the
nii may be seen as a two-edged sword.  on one side, it
offers great potentials to law-abiding citizens for
the prevention and deterrence of crime; but on the
other, its use of digital technology with privacy
encryption may force law enforcement to seek new
alternatives to wiretapping telephone communications.

several federal government agencies have been working
hard to reconcile the established crime-fighting
power, conferred in law, to intercept certain
telephone communications, with the emerging digital
technologies and encryption capabilities that could
have the practical result of rendering ineffectual the
statutory power to record those phone conversations. 
the agency efforts have given rise to a public
discourse that may serve to clarify national policies
in this area.

creation of shared databases

before world war ii, law enforcement developed the
concept of the shared information file for fingerprint
records and criminals' modus operandi.  the security
environment around ww ii and the ensuing cold war gave
rise to centralized files of national security
clearance information about individuals.  almost all
of this information was in paper dossiers.

with the advent in the mid-1960's of what was called
"third-generation" computer and communications
technology, law enforcement began to see the
possibilities in making important information
available instantaneously to criminal justice agencies
in multiple jurisdictions.  the fbi's national crime
information center (ncic) built new computer databases
of wanted persons and stolen property, and constructed
an on-line inquiry system to enable federal, state and
local line officers in vehicles and on foot to learn
in seconds, e.g., if a particular automobile license
number had been reported as stolen.  the ncic now
holds over 24 million records in 14 files, that are
accessed directly or through intermediaries by over
500,000 individuals in over 70,000 federal, state and
local agencies, using about 97,000 computer terminals
to send over a million transactions every day.

on-line computer databases exist now to support
practically every aspect of criminal justice, from
smuggling and terrorism to stolen art and parole
violation.  they have been built at federal, state,
and local levels.  in one example, the los angeles
county sheriff's department operates the gang
reporting, evaluation, and tracking system, known as
great, containing information on about 1500 street
gangs and over 100,000 street gang members, and which
is accessed by over 130 law enforcement agencies
nationwide.

these systems of shared data have become an essential
weapon in the war against crime, because crime and
criminals are not confined within political borders. 
as our society has become mobile, so has crime.  the
public safety/criminal justice system in the united
states is essentially local.  the state agencies do
what the local agencies are unable to do, and the
federal agencies are built around interstate
activities.  consequently, the sharing of information
across political boundaries is crucial to the public
safety picture in the united states.

importance of forensics and science

in our criminal justice system, a person charged with
a crime is presumed innocent until proven guilty. 
increasingly, that guilt is ascertained from evidence
based on scientific knowledge, and analyzed with
instruments and techniques unknown a half-century ago. 
most prominent recently has been the technique of
deoxyribo nucleic acid (dna) analysis, which has been
touted as the 21st century counterpart to the
discovery of fingerprint identification at the
beginning of the 20th century.  it will join
fingerprints, ballistics, the examination of fabric,
hair, ink, soil, paper, etc., and the laboratory
analysis of illicit drugs as a major weapon in the
arsenal against crime.

information gathering, analysis, storing, and sharing
over computer-based networks already plays a vital
role in the application of science and forensics to
public safety.  the nii offers a significant
opportunity to enhance this trend by supplying new
bandwidth for the transport of such crime-solving
information as images, sounds, and laboratory
measurements.

some changes underway

>from the perspective of prevention and deterrence of
crime, and of citizen involvement, the growth of
cellular communications and investments in premises
security technologies are bound to have significant
impacts.  one way of viewing cellular communications
is to consider each portable unit to be the modern-day
equivalent of the earlier police street-corner call-
box.

meanwhile, the estimated $15 billion market in
security devices and systems is encouraging
development of new products and services by the
private sector.  automobile manufacturers, supported
by the insurance industry, are using computer-based
technology to build into new vehicles the means of
thwarting both car thefts and car-jackings.  as to
premises monitoring, estimates place the number of
active accounts at 15 million, and annual revenues to
service providers at $2.15 billion.  among others
eyeing that market, utility companies talk about
including security sensors that signal criminal
intrusions along with home sensors and controls to
regulate heating, cooling, lighting, and even cooking.




from jseiger@eff.org  thu sep 15 14:03:05 1994
received: from [192.77.172.171] (figallo.eff.org [192.77.172.171]) by eff.org (8.6.9/8.6.6) with smtp id oaa18762 for ; thu, 15 sep 1994 14:03:03 -0400
message-id: <199409151803.oaa18762@eff.org>
x-sender: jseiger@eff.org
mime-version: 1.0
content-type: text/plain; charset="us-ascii"
date: thu, 15 sep 1994 14:03:05 -0500
to: mech@eff.org
from: gopher@ntiaunix1.ntia.doc.gov (gopher) (by way of jseiger@eff.org (jonah
 seiger))
subject: [complete document]
status: o

another change concerns what is called electronic
crime.  it rarely enters into discussions of public
safety because the latter tend to focus on personal
physical safety, while electronic crime is considered
nonviolent crime against property.  nevertheless, in
the context of the nii, electronic crime, almost
unknown several decades ago, may now be costing the
nation billions of dollars each year.  the losses to
businesses and financial institutions are borne
ultimately by citizens in the form of higher prices
for goods and services.  both increases in electronic
crime and in electronic countermeasures against it
appear to be unavoidable by-products of the nii.

within the criminal justice community, perhaps the
biggest change underway is the cultural acceptance of
information technology as a major two-pronged weapon
in the war against crime.  one is in direct support of
line officers by giving them communications and
information access capabilities that equal or exceed
those of their criminal adversaries.  the other is in
improvements to the efficiency of operations within
the criminal justice system, as seen in the wiring of
parolees to monitor their whereabouts, and in the
introduction of interactive video technology in the
operations of court processes and of prisons.

resource commitments

besides building more prisons and hiring more police,
prosecutors, and judges, governments are making some
noteworthy information infrastructure investments in
support of public safety.  two in particular have
significant nii implications.

several states have initiated programs to search
fingerprint data electronically.  law enforcement
agencies have long recognized the desirability of
being able to match fingerprints quickly with data
already on file, and have been frustrated by the delay
in days or weeks that is inherent in a manual, paper-
based environment.  consequently, governments are
investing millions of dollars in computer, scanning,
and communications technologies, and in accompanying
data file conversions.  largest among these is the
fbi's multi-year program to automate its fingerprint
processing operations.

just this one application holds important implications
for the nii.  digitized fingerprints are comparable to
digitized photographs or maps or large data files, and
will need far greater bandwidth to transmit them than
is being used now by law enforcement for such simple
data as automobile license numbers and personal
identifiers.

the second infrastructure investment   not yet as far
along as electronic fingerprint processing but likely
in the end to greatly surpass it   is the conversion
of the thousands of law enforcement analog land-based
mobile radio systems to digital technology, and to the
integration of those systems into an entirely new and
unprecedented shared wireless infrastructure.

leading the way is the state of colorado, whose
digital trunked radio system may be the model for the
next several decades.  now being developed, it is
intended to be a comprehensive system with such
functions as dispatch, car-to-car voice, car-to-car
data, paging, data dissemination from dispatch
centers, and support for portable computers with fax
modems.  most important, it will be a statewide
backbone linking public safety activities in local
jurisdictions with one another and with state agency
personnel, facilities, and information services.  the
backbone will link with federal data systems such as
the ncic, and with systems operated by other states.

part iii: where do we want to be?

wireless holds the key

for the nation's law enforcement community, the "last
mile," the "information highway on-off ramp," is the
wireless link to lonely highway patrol cars in
colorado, to foot and bicycle police officers in
detroit, to park rangers in the everglades, to border
patrol officers along the rio grande, to drug
enforcement agents in miami, and to police squad cars
in los angeles.  the most elaborate information
infrastructure of powerful computers attached to
fiber-optic backbones is only as useful to public
safety as the wireless link to law enforcement
officers.

>from the perspective of law enforcement, "where we
want to be" involves two things.  first, the ability
of line officers to communicate not only with
dispatchers, but also with one another must be at
least as good in the field as in headquarters 
offices.  it must be as good outside urban areas with
their cellular systems as inside them.  it must be as
versatile on the patrol bicycle or motorcycle or in
the highway patrol car as on the desktop at
headquarters.  second, information resources useful to
law enforcement agents must be made available to them
at times and in places where it will be of the
greatest value.  sometimes, this may be at a
headquarters office location, but more often it will
be in an automobile.  those information resources are
changing, and must be defined in tomorrow's terms, not
today's.  among them will be a fingerprint scanner and
a printer or display that can show a photograph of a
person's face, along with a character display for
license data, outstanding warrant information, etc. 
many law enforcement parties believe that the risk of
injury and death to officers engaged in dangerous
situations would be reduced by having within the
wireless infrastructure the ability to transmit the
officers' positioning and body vital sign data.

the same wireless infrastructure that supports line
officers of law enforcement could also be used to
monitor the whereabouts of persons awaiting trial or
offenders released on parole.  inventive entrepreneurs
are creating devices which can respond to wireless
signals and be affixed to individuals.  as this
technology is refined, made tamper-proof and extremely
reliable, it holds a promise of possible alternatives
to incarceration for some offenders.  considering that
it costs about $25,000 to house an offender 1 year in
prison, electronic confinement or restriction at less
than half that cost would be a major benefit to
society.

ultimately, public safety is bound to improve when
individuals can alert law enforcement authorities at
any time from any place, without complete dependence
on the wire infrastructure.  we are already moving
quickly toward this capability, and the pace is being
accelerated by the cellular telephone and security
system industries.  eventually, intrusion detection
will probably be a feature of all new homes and
vehicles, as well as most business establishments.

other technologies can count, too

for as long as one can see, fingerprints will continue
to be both the principal means of positive
identification of individuals and also a crucial
aspect of crime-scene evidence.  the nii can support
the move to bring fingerprint information into the
electronic era by facilitating current and planned
governmental investments in this public safety
information endeavor.  new state and federal systems
will need to be linked with one another, and
infrastructure will need to be created to facilitate
such anticipated capabilities as index finger scanners
in police automobiles, and electronic scanners of
crime-scene prints.

images and sounds

in a related endeavor, separate law enforcement
agencies are beginning to examine the possibility of
developing a common technology for obtaining
identification information about alleged offenders at
the time of arrest.  this activity, known as
"booking," involves photographing as well as
fingerprinting, and the recordation of identifying
characteristics, plus data about the offense, the
offender's residence, etc.  as techniques that deal
with voice analysis are refined, the booking process
may include them, too.

public safety officials anticipate that agreements
among jurisdictions and among agencies within
jurisdictions will lead to national standards for the
multimedia information obtained in booking.  this, in
turn, is expected to lead to faster, more reliable
identification of repeat offenders, to improved crime-
fighting across jurisdictions, and to a greater degree
of deterrence.  in a related vein, multimedia
information, particularly images, will surely be
integrated with the textual and numeric character
databases that are now accessed by law enforcement
agencies.  inclusion of image information along with
such descriptors as name and date and place of birth
may not only lead to increased rates of offender
apprehension, but also to reductions in incidents of
mistaken arrests.

possibilities in video

as great strides are being made in video technologies
and their integration into the nii, the picture of
where we want to be holds several appearances of
video.  one is in security.  

as it applies to video, "security" is a combination of
prevention, deterrence, detection, and even solution
of crime.  the use of video security systems in
businesses, at places of work, in public
accommodations, and even in residences has proven its
value in both perceptions of improved safety as well
as detection and solution of incidents of crime.  the
advent of the nii raises some intriguing possibilities
for the extension of this technology to new places,
such as city streets, playgrounds, and parks. 
"neighborhood watch" programs might not require
residents to physically leave their houses, and urban
housing complexes may be able to be monitored by those
who have the greatest stake in that activity.

the other application dimension of video technology is
in the day-to-day operation of the criminal justice
system.  pilot projects in several states are
exploring the use of video in prisoner arraignments. 
this application promises to reduce the costs of
prisoner transportation in more spread-out and less-
populated areas of the country, as well as keep
prisoners in their communities with their families and
attorneys.  the pilots are already proving the
technology's value in large metropolitan centers,
between the city jail and the courthouse, where
physical transport is costly, time-consuming, and
potentially dangerous.

in general, the criminal justice system favors direct
face-to-face interactions and observations.  as video
technology, including recording, has matured, the
courts are beginning to weigh its use, in recognition
of its potential benefits.  it is probably safe to
project an important cost-saving role in the
widespread introduction of both video recording and
video interaction throughout criminal justice system
processes.  the nii promises to be a key facilitator
of that role.

electronic crime

the more business is transacted electronically, the
more electronic crime will follow.  in fostering
electronic commerce, the nii will be opening new
vistas to clever criminals.  when we think of public
safety we think more of physical crimes against
persons and property than such monetary crimes as
fraud and embezzlement.  yet the two are not
necessarily separate.  the home that is wired for
utility and security controls, plus video
entertainment and computer bill-paying, can also be a
home that tells criminals when it is empty of people.

as the nii unfolds, we want it to provide protection
against crime to go along with the opportunities to
commit crime.  at a minimum, protection is needed
against electronic theft.  additionally, protection
will be desired against the use of the communications
environment to target victims.  to accompany the
protections, mechanisms will be needed to successfully
detect electronic crime and link it to its
perpetrators with evidence that is strong enough to
gain convictions in court.

links to other environments

although the criminal justice system is compared to a
finely tuned clock, it does not exist in a vacuum. 
deterrence against crime, detection of crime, and
prosecution of crime can all involve connections into
other environments.  one example is the link between
law enforcement and the financial community.  because
the war against organized crime and drugs is being
fought most successfully on the financial front, the
more quickly and thoroughly law enforcement knows
about large cash transactions, the more effectively it
can use the knowledge.

a related example deals with the legal side of
narcotics and other controlled substances, which
health professionals are licensed to prescribe and
pharmacists are licensed to dispense.  to enforce the
laws, which can carry criminal penalties, state and
federal agencies monitor behaviors through careful
record-keeping of prescribing and dispensing. 
oklahoma, massachusetts, and hawaii have been pursuing
prototype uses of electronic point-of-sale
transmission systems to collect prescription
information.  these prototypes may point the way
towards widespread implementations when the
communications infrastructure is in place to support
them economically.

part iv:  how are we going to get there?

planning and funding the new wireless environment

getting there is going to require a major, coordinated
re-engineering of the wireless environment for law
enforcement.  not only must agencies within levels of
government plan together, they must plan also with
their counterparts in other political jurisdictions,
especially those of their neighbors.  a new wireless
infrastructure must be designed and built   one that
will provide interoperability among agencies
regardless of jurisdiction, that will give as good
service to personnel outside metropolitan areas as
inside cities, and that will incorporate dynamic
bandwidth allocation to enable the bursty transmission
of image information to and from mobile apparatus.

how will it be done?

probably the biggest challenge in creating the desired
wireless infrastructure will be its planning.  few
precedents exist for the level of interagency and
intergovernmental cooperation needed to accomplish
this task.  colorado's venture will be watched
closely.  the rainbow project inter-island microwave
backbone in hawaii is a multi-government, multi-agency
success story, but the u.s. customs service played the
pivotal role.

no one government can fund what must be built
nationwide.  individual states will have to step
forward as colorado is doing, but the federal
government will also have to put its shoulder to the
wheel, both nationally and within state borders, if
the needed degree of interoperation is to be realized.

the national performance review (npr) has spawned a
project to create a new wireless law enforcement
environment among federal agencies, with the first
action being the creation of a federal law enforcement
wireless users group.  the project envisions a
"national law enforcement/public safety wireless
network for use by federal, state, and local
governments," but is that realistic, and if so, when
and how?  the aggregate state and local needs far
exceed the total federal needs.  can the federal
government solve the states' wireless problems?  how
will the state solutions dovetail with that of the
federal government, or should federal agencies become
users of the new state networks?  meanwhile, what
spectrum allocation strategy should be pursued, and
what encryption strategy should be adopted in order to
secure wireless law enforcement communications from
monitoring and interception?

military, civil government, and private-sector roles

getting there can be helped by technology transfer
from both the military and from the private sector. 
the u.s. department of justice (doj) has been working
with the u.s. army to move into the world of law
enforcement such technologies as the one being pursued
by the army for its service-wide dna registration
database for identifying casualties.  similar efforts
in the realm of wireless communication and its
integration with wire-based networks may also promise
benefits.

the army's surgeon general's office is interested in
developing a helmet with audio and video capabilities
to permit three-dimensional imagery from the
battlefield to base hospitals, supported by vital
signs monitoring.  law enforcement officers with such
equipment, using new communications infrastructures,
might be able to deter attacks upon themselves as well
as improve identifications of suspects and transmit
crime scene images.  the u.s. justice department is
looking into the possible transfer of this technology.

meanwhile, the private sector has seen the market for
security products and services and is wasting no time
in seizing opportunities.  the private sector would
love to equip every home, office, and vehicle with
security sensors that would send signals via the nii,
perhaps tying people and their cars to global
positioning or the new "personal-for-life" telephone
numbers.  but should this public safety service be
vested in the private sector, and if so, will it be
available only to people of means?

there has already been discussion and controversy
surrounding the military's role in the war against
drugs, to which must now be added law enforcement's
concerns about its relation to the private security
industry.  what are the proper roles of these two
entities vis-a-vis law enforcement in the new
communications infrastructure?

investments in prevention versus prosecution

many believe that exploration of new electronic
strategies to prevent and deter crime deserve equal or
greater standing to ones for investigating and
prosecuting crime.  these may include experiments with
new approaches for premises security, and will surely
involve continued efforts towards controlling and
monitoring offenders outside prisons.  the development
of "artificial intelligence" techniques to assist both
crime solving and crime prevention might be enhanced
by nii progress towards easy, inexpensive
communication of multimedia information.

new strategies may extend even to state-of-the-art
sensor-based projects, such as border monitoring to
interdict smuggling, prison security systems, and
advanced night and infrared vision systems for use by
police officers.  such strategies can cost significant
sums.

how much should governments invest in electronic and
communications strategies for prevention and
deterrence of crime, and how much in technologies for
catching and prosecuting criminals, and removing them
from society?

reengineering information systems

getting there seems also to include efforts to move
the collection and processing of information into on-
line computer-based systems.  these projects can be
very costly, and span many years.  they include
converting paper processes to electronic, adding image
information to character data, entering into new
information sharing agreements, and creating new
databases.  among them are the fingerprint automation
projects of the fbi and the various states, the
development of dna "fingerprint" data banks, new
systems to implement the brady bill and other firearms
initiatives, and projects to construct indices to
facilitate information sharing among law enforcement
agencies.

which of these projects should have the highest
priorities?  how should the federal government's
projects be dovetailed with those of the states?  how
should emerging technologies be woven into the project
plans?

fostering communication with the public

communication between law enforcement agencies and the
public they serve is a two-way proposition.  agencies
could use nii capabilities to inform citizens, e.g.,
about wanted persons, missing persons, crime patterns,
and special precautions.  for its part, the public
could use nii capabilities to request assistance,
obtain information, provide tips and leads, and simply
keep more abreast of what is happening in local
communities on a day-to-day basis.  even now, the
internet is being used to send pictures and access
policy bulletin boards.  but, the internet isn't a
tool of choice for those who have the greatest
interaction with public safety agencies.

what is the tool of choice for those most affected by
crime?  how many different avenues of communication
should be pursued?  how should cities differ from
suburbs and from farms, parks, and forests?  as the
medium changes, how must the message change?

security overlay

finally, getting there surely will involve the
implementation of a security overlay to protect not
only the line officers and private security who are on
the public safety front lines, but also the personal
privacy of the country's law-abiding inhabitants.  the
same extensive communications environment that can
foster public safety can also be used by criminals to
thwart it.  officers and security personnel are paid
to take risks, but the risks ought not come from their
intercepted communications.

as information systems are re-engineered and new ones
built, with more databases on more people about more
subjects, accessed by thousands of criminal justice
personnel nationwide, how can we ensure the highest
levels of system integrity, data accuracy, and
appropriate use?  which of these systems, if any,
should be accessible to private sector security
services, and under what terms and conditions?

furthermore, security issues related to public safety
extend into "white-collar" crime, where the concern is
more about crimes against property.  estimates place
electronic crime against the country's financial and
commercial systems into the billions of dollars each
year.  credit-card and bank-card thefts, "stolen"
personal identification numbers, and related crimes
ultimately hit every pocketbook.  what do we need to
do to minimize the risks and impacts of these offenses
while utilizing nii infrastructure and related
technologies?

(note:  the figures on costs of crime, sums spent, and
numbers of agencies and personnel are from the
national institute of justice, u.s. department of
justice.)electronic access to these papers


in addition to receiving printed copies of "the
information infrastructure: reaching society's goals--
a report of the information infrastructure task force
committee on applications and technology" from ntis or
gpo, the document is also available electronically
from the following sources:

1).  the information infrastructure task force (iitf)
     gopher server: gopher, telnet (login = gopher),
     or anonymous ftp to iitf.doc.gov.  the document
     is located within the
     speeches/testimony/documents category,
     documents/papers subcategory.  access is also
     available over the world-wide web (www).

2).  the iitf bulletin board:  dial by modem to 202-
     501-1920.  modem communication parameters should
     be set at no parity, 8 data bits, and one stop
     (n,8,1).  modem speeds up to 14,400 baud are
     supported.

3).  fedworld:  telnet to fedworld.doc.gov or dialing
     by modem to 703-321-8020.





