



 city limits































































































 













































search

 search










topics

politics & government
covid-19
housing and homelessness
health and environment
justice
economy
education
transportation
opinion
immigration


jobs
en español
events
 

 menu


topics

politics & government
covid-19
housing and homelessness
health and environment
justice
economy
education
transportation
opinion
immigration


jobs
en español
events
 









 








sign up to newsletters 






donate
















topic

politics & government
the coronavirus crisis
housing and homelessness
health and environment
justice
economy
education
transportation
opinion
immigration


investigations
special projects
en español
newsletters
podcasts & video
clarify
jobs
about us
climate change & nyc
mapping the future
una ciudad sin límites
 

 menu


topic

politics & government
the coronavirus crisis
housing and homelessness
health and environment
justice
economy
education
transportation
opinion
immigration


investigations
special projects
en español
newsletters
podcasts & video
clarify
jobs
about us
climate change & nyc
mapping the future
una ciudad sin límites
 









 











 search


search


 close this search box.












sign up to newsletters 






donate

















 










housing & homelessness
climate change & nyc
una ciudad sin límites
clarify
nyc shelter count
 

 menu


housing & homelessness
climate change & nyc
una ciudad sin límites
clarify
nyc shelter count
 


















 










 












 




 



youtube
 



twitter
 



facebook
 









donate










 search


search


 close this search box.
















sign up to newsletters 






support

















our nonprofit newsroom relies on reader support. 






donate today!


















 











 







 




government 




city’s top housing official steps down in wake of mayor’s trump dealings 



							first deputy mayor maria torres-springer, who oversees the city’s housing and economic development work, announced plans to resign alongside three other top city hall officials. the tumult comes after the justice department ordered federal prosecutors to drop their corruption case against the mayor, citing the need for his cooperation on immigration enforcement.						



by jeanmarie evelly 






 











 






immigration 




podcast: ¿en qué consiste la demanda a la deportación rápida impuesta por la administración trump? 



by daniel parra 






 






government 




nyc housing calendar, feb. 17-24 



by jeanmarie evelly 






 






city views: opinions and analysis 




opinion: preserving faith, building homes 



by sara bronin 






 






health and environment 




the campaign to debunk climate lies in latino communities 



by mariana simões 






 






housing and homelessness 




what happened this week in nyc housing? feb. 14, 2025 



by jeanmarie evelly 






 






city views: opinions and analysis 




opinion: community college students face ongoing challenges 



by nicola blake 






 















in-depth / investigations 











 







 




brooklyn 




as atlantic avenue mixed-use plan nears vote, how much can affordability be pushed? 



by norman oder 






 







 




government 




what the laken riley act means for immigrant new yorkers 



by daniel parra 






 







 




bronx 




nyc voucher households are concentrated in a handful of neighborhoods, data shows  



by patrick spauster 






 











support your trusted local news source. 






donate today















mapping the future 











 







 




government 




city’s top housing official steps down in wake of mayor’s trump dealings 



by jeanmarie evelly 






 







 







 








city views: opinions and analysis 




opinion: preserving faith, building homes 



by sara bronin 






 







 








housing and homelessness 




what happened this week in nyc housing? feb. 14, 2025 



by jeanmarie evelly 






 







 








brooklyn 




as atlantic avenue mixed-use plan nears vote, how much can affordability be pushed? 



by norman oder 






 











special projects 











city on the edge: climate change and new york 



 







 




the campaign to debunk climate lies in latino communities 



							“we say it’s a civil rights issue, because by sowing doubt and confusion, misinformation campaigns ultimately undermine the ability of the latina community to advocate for themselves and participate in the decision-making process.”						






 



 







 




opinion: trump is wrong—congestion pricing is working 






 







 




opinion: new york city must leverage its financial power for a cleaner future 






 







una ciudad sin límites 



 







 




podcast: ¿en qué consiste la demanda a la deportación rápida impuesta por la administración trump? 



							el pasado 22 de enero, la unión americana de libertades civiles (aclu por sus siglas en inglés) demandó a la administración trump por el programa que permite a los funcionarios de inmigración llevar a cabo deportaciones expeditas (expedited removal en inglés).						






 



 







 




¿qué significa la ley laken riley para los inmigrantes neoyorquinos? 






 







 




¿por qué la aclu demandó las revisiones para asilo en la frontera impuestas por trump? 






 







city within a city: covering nycha 



 







 




why is it so hard to eradicate mold at nycha? 



							despite being under court order to remediate it, mold remains a persistent problem for nycha, which points to its aging infrastructure and a climbing number of physical needs across its portfolio, particularly as it pertains to plumbing.						






 



 







 




new toolkit offers a guide for improving nycha’s open spaces 






 







 




opinion: our affordable housing workforce must reflect the communities it serves 






 











news 











 







 




city views: opinions and analysis 




opinion: it’s time for a late checkout on nyc’s airbnb ban 



by adam kovacevich 






 







 







 








government 




city’s top housing official steps down in wake of mayor’s trump dealings 



by jeanmarie evelly 






 







 








government 




nyc housing calendar, feb. 17-24 



by jeanmarie evelly 






 











add unit 











get the latest city limits news every week, straight to your inbox. 



register your email address for our weekly round-up of news and opinion - never miss a probing investigative report, thought-provoking op-ed or news-making podcast. 















add unit 











podcasts 











 







 




immigration 




podcast: ¿en qué consiste la demanda a la deportación rápida impuesta por la administración trump? 



by daniel parra 






 







 




government 




¿por qué la aclu demandó las revisiones para asilo en la frontera impuestas por trump? 



by daniel parra 






 







 




immigration 




podcast: ¿qué es el programa de orientación legal para inmigrantes y por qué se interrumpió? 



by daniel parra 






 











add unit 











videos 











 










watch: how should nycha fund repairs? a city limits conversation 




 





 












by 
										jeanmarie evelly					










 










video: voting on nycha’s future 




 





 












by 
										tatyana turner					










 










see it: how nyc turns food & yard waste into ‘big apple compost’ 




 





 












by 
										jeanmarie evelly					










 















empower local independent journalism for all 



city limits uses investigative journalism to cover the issues vital to new yorkers. your donation sustains our commitment to in-depth coverage on affordable housing, homelessness, community stories, and the urban policies shaping our future.  






donate today

















 













 



city limits uses investigative journalism through the prism of new york city to identify urban problems, examine their causes, explore solutions, and equip communities to take action.founded in 1976 in the midst of new york’s fiscal crisis, city limits exists to inform democracy and equip citizens to create a more just city. the organization is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit funded by foundation support, ad sponsorship and donations from readers. 







about us 






our impact




our standards




reprint policy




contact us




send a tip




nyc tool kit




support




funding partners




advertise




get involved




events




privacy policy











topics 






housing & development




health & environment




politics  & government




opinion




immigration




justice




economy




education




transportation




covid-19















podcasts 



& video 






max & murphy




the check in




el diario sin limites











clarify 






about clarify














sign up to newsletters



















© copyright 2025, city limits 




 




 











 




 



youtube
 



twitter
 



facebook
 










   







 







search

 search

















topics 




about us
our impact
contact us
funding partners
 

about us
our impact
contact us
funding partners
 








newsletters 






the weekly




mapping the future




city on the edge




una ciudad sin limites




cityvote







podcasts 



& video 






max & murphy




the check in




el diario sin limites











clarify 






about clarify







jobs 







featured 



 







 




podcast: ¿en qué consiste la demanda a la deportación rápida impuesta por la administración trump? 






 






investigations




special projects




en español
















about us
our impact
contact us
funding partners
 












support city limits 



support local, investigative journalism that has informed and empowered new yorkers for 45 years. 






donate now











about us 










our impact




our standards




reprint policy




contact us














send a tip




nyc tool kit




become a member




our supporters














advertise




get involved




events




media kit














privacy policy




annual report



















support city limits 



support local, investigative journalism that has informed and empowered new yorkers for 45 years. 






donate now



























































