








glen rock insurance agency - david g. sayles insurance

























































































 




a division of patriot insurance group 










instant home & auto quote







									call us today: 800-439-0292 





personal insurance

auto collector car insurance
flood & earthquake insurance
homeowners insurance
personal umbrella insurance
toy insurance


business insurance

commercial auto insurance
commercial umbrella insurance
general liability insurance
marine cargostock throughput
package policies
professional liability
property insurance
workers’ compensation


industries served

importers & exporters
manufacturers
non-profits
wineries & breweries


client support

helpful links
insurance glossary
payment & claim center


about us
blog
contact us
 

 menu



personal insurance

auto collector car insurance
flood & earthquake insurance
homeowners insurance
personal umbrella insurance
toy insurance


business insurance

commercial auto insurance
commercial umbrella insurance
general liability insurance
marine cargostock throughput
package policies
professional liability
property insurance
workers’ compensation


industries served

importers & exporters
manufacturers
non-profits
wineries & breweries


client support

helpful links
insurance glossary
payment & claim center


about us
blog
contact us
 




























 
get an online quote











we manage your risks, so you can concentrate on growing your business. 







 
learn more about us



















david g. sayles insurance 
services:your trusted insurance partner 



serving the glen rock area and communities throughout new jersey 



david g. sayles insurance services is an independent insurance agency partnering with a several top-tier and financially strong national and regional companies. this allows us to work on behalf of our clients to negotiate quality, comprehensive insurance coverage at competitive rates. we provide choice when it comes to insurance, superior service and expertise in finding the right solutions for you, your family and your business.when you come to us, you’ll be assured you’re getting a dedicated team of experts that work together to address all your concerns. whether you are looking to insure your home in bergen county, upgrading your suv, expanding your firm’s services, or wanting a review of your business insurance to see where improvements can be made, our staff will take the time needed to gain a complete understanding of your needs to provide you with sound coverage. 















 



a full line of personal insurance coverages 



we’re here to assist the residents of new jersey with all your personal insurance needs. our goal is to protect your loved ones, property, valuables, and assets. our portfolio of comprehensive personal insurance products includes the following: 






 
auto insurance



 
 collector car insurance 



 
home insurance 



 
condominium insurance 



 
renters insurance



 
personal umbrella insurance









 
flood insurance 



 
earthquake insurance 



 
motorcycle insurance  



 
atv insurance 



 
boat insurance






our benefits department can also assist you in protecting you and your family’s financial security with life, health, dental, disability and other key coverages. 



























 



customized insurance solutions for diverse businesses, industries 



access to a wide range of insurance carriers and products enables us to provide you with all the property and casualty insurance products, including workers’ compensation, professional liability, and executive protection coverages, you need to safeguard your operation, employees, customers, and assets. we specialize in writing complex and non-standard risks that many find it difficult to find a home for their insurance. when you come to us, we will work hard to secure the coverages you need. 



we offer the following key business insurance coverages: 






 
general liability insurance



 
property insurance



 
commercial auto insurance 



 
commercial umbrella insurance 



 
workers’ compensation insurance









 
marine cargo/stock throughput insurance 



 
professional liability/errors & omissions insurance 



 
directors & officers liability insurance 



 
employment practices liability insurance 



 
fiduciary liability insurance






















we also offer package policies, including business owners policies and commercial package policies, and will be happy to review and determine which is right for your company and industry sector. our current clients include importers & exporters, wineries & breweries, manufacturers, and non-profits, to name a few. 







 



we’re always
accountable to you. 



let david sayles insurance services help you with your insurance program. our unique talented and experienced team of professionals is ready to provide you with the service you deserve and the insurance you need. give us a call at 800-439-0292 to go over your specific needs. 







 
learn more



















what's new
 







 
view all posts















				what to do after an earthquake in new jersey			



			april 5, 2023		


			read more ⟶		









				understanding errors & omissions (e&o) liability insurance			



			march 22, 2023		


			read more ⟶		









				7 mistakes to avoid when buying a collector & classic car			



			march 15, 2023		


			read more ⟶		



























 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


 previous


 next




















 




david g. sayles insurance services 



899 lincoln ave.glen rock, nj 07452tel: 800-439-0292fax: 201-652-0721info@dsayles.com 








 







facebook
 



twitter
 



linkedin
 



youtube
 










 
get an online quote








personal insurance
business insurance
industries served
client support
about us
contact us
 

personal insurance
business insurance
industries served
client support
about us
contact us
 





privacy policy
do not sell my personal info
terms & conditions
site map
 

privacy policy
do not sell my personal info
terms & conditions
site map
 




copyright © 2024, david g. sayles insurance services.a division of patriot growth insurance services, llc.all rights reserved. 












 



























