




orthodontist boca raton coral springs fl invisalign | smiles by dr w & dr r

















































skip to content








home
about us

meet dr. rothstein
meet dr. wohlgemuth
meet the team
why choose us
community involvement
testimonials


patient info

first visit
payment options
dental monitoring
life with braces
tour our office
faq
blog


treatments

types of braces
suresmile
gum reshaping
athletic mouthguards
tmj treatment
teeth whitening


about orthodontics

early orthodontics
two-phase treatment
adult orthodontics
orthodontic retainers
surgical orthodontics


invisalign

invisalign
invisalign teen
cost of invisalign
digital impressions


contact us

boca raton office
coral springs office
request an appointment
emergency care


 

 

home
about us

meet dr. rothstein
meet dr. wohlgemuth
meet the team
why choose us
community involvement
testimonials


patient info

first visit
payment options
dental monitoring
life with braces
tour our office
faq
blog


treatments

types of braces
suresmile
gum reshaping
athletic mouthguards
tmj treatment
teeth whitening


about orthodontics

early orthodontics
two-phase treatment
adult orthodontics
orthodontic retainers
surgical orthodontics


invisalign

invisalign
invisalign teen
cost of invisalign
digital impressions


contact us

boca raton office
coral springs office
request an appointment
emergency care


 





 















new patient forms










doctor referral form











 
boca raton (561) 483-0072











 
coral springs (954) 526-5432






















new patient forms














doctor referral form















 
boca raton (561) 483-0072















 
coral springs (954) 526-5432












home
about us

meet dr. rothstein
meet dr. wohlgemuth
meet the team
why choose us
community involvement
testimonials


patient info

first visit
payment options
dental monitoring
life with braces
tour our office
faq
blog


treatments

types of braces
suresmile
gum reshaping
athletic mouthguards
tmj treatment
teeth whitening


about orthodontics

early orthodontics
two-phase treatment
adult orthodontics
orthodontic retainers
surgical orthodontics


invisalign

invisalign
invisalign teen
cost of invisalign
digital impressions


contact us

boca raton office
coral springs office
request an appointment
emergency care


 

home
about us

meet dr. rothstein
meet dr. wohlgemuth
meet the team
why choose us
community involvement
testimonials


patient info

first visit
payment options
dental monitoring
life with braces
tour our office
faq
blog


treatments

types of braces
suresmile
gum reshaping
athletic mouthguards
tmj treatment
teeth whitening


about orthodontics

early orthodontics
two-phase treatment
adult orthodontics
orthodontic retainers
surgical orthodontics


invisalign

invisalign
invisalign teen
cost of invisalign
digital impressions


contact us

boca raton office
coral springs office
request an appointment
emergency care


 

























 








 
invisalign platinum plus provider





 
suresmile provider





 
individualized care





 
lingual braces


















schedule your free consultation today >















quality orthodontics in boca raton and coral springs, fl 



welcome to smiles by dr. wohlgemuth & dr. rothstein at boca raton, fl! do you want to wear that confident smile you have always wanted? whether you need adult orthodontics or early treatment for your child, dr. wohlgemuth & dr. rothstein will provide you with a solution for your needs.get your smile ready for your next picture or further beautify your look and get treated by dr. wohlgemuth and dr. rothstein, our practice has a combination of experience and technology that grants you the best exclusive treatment for you and your family. 










read more

we are a certified invisalign providerwith a platinum invisalign provider level, dr. ira rothstein and dr. peter wohlgemuth provide expert orthodontic treatment with the latest patient friendly technology. we have different types of braces and payment plans available for you.learn more about our team and easily book your first visit where we can offer you:surgical orthodonticsinvisalign¬Æheadgearappliancespalatal expandersand moreschedule a free consultationschedule a free consultation with smiles by dr. wohlgemuth and dr. rothstein by clicking on our link or give us a call at (561) 483-0072.










welcome to our office 





 


















 







new patient experience












 







advanced technology












 







straighter teeth in less time












 







flexible financing



















quality orthodontics that will make you smile 



amazing things happen when technology meets experience. 






schedule my free smile exam























dr. rothstein and dr. wohlgemuth offer the best experience possible for patients of all ages. 






meet the doctors



















 



dr. rothstein and dr. wohlgemuth offer the best experience possible for patients of all ages. 






meet the doctors















marshall sklardoctor rothstein is the best of the best for kids! beautiful office and friendly staff, always smiling and accommodating!sandra menendeztoday was my last day with braces and i can‚Äôt express how grateful i am for this amazing staff in boca raton . i was taken care by sandra she is the definitely the best ! i would recommend everyone to come here !monica stummthere are not enough words to describe what an incredible experience my family had with smiles at dr. r. all three of our kids had braces with them and we are so impressed with the staff and dr r. super easy, pleasant, and always in and out. debbie was our tech and she is 5 stars all the way!response from the owner: wow! monica...this makes our day. we've enjoyed working with and getting to know you and your family over the years. it's been a treat for us and your kids are amazing. happy holidays and so glad you chose us üôÇ                    tara snifeldeveryone here is so friendly and helpful! we have had a great experience, would highly recommend.london bthey did such a great job on my teeth and i now have a great smile!üòäresponse from the owner: london! you were such a great patient and your smile is ridiculously amazing! congratulations and happy holidays!                     kimberly golfmanincredible office staff all around and incredible dr! i felt like i was in very capable hands and dr rothstein has great bedside manner. i came here for invisalign and will be bringing my children here when it's time! thank you so much for making this seamless and painless! happy patient ü§©response from the owner: kim! thank you so much for your review. you're treatment is coming along so well and your positive attitude is infectious. have a great holiday time  and see you soon!                    madison bernknopfi have been going here since i was a child, and have had high tech and high quality service throughout. highly recommend!response from the owner: thank you for your message maddie. we appreciate having you as our patient!                     sharlene adamsi was skeptical when my primary dentist indicated i need a few teeth straighten,  i was referred to dr r......great consultation, he was extremely kind and thorough,  btw he is sooo handsome üòâ.  he suggested invisalign,  i was nervous about plastic straightening my teeth, the results were freaking amazing üëèüèæ.  i would recommend this dr over and over, his staff is amazing also! proud smiling patient.nicole morellodr. r and team are awesome!  already seeing great results in only two months, my son is even breathing better after using the expander.  always treated great by the team!randy herfieldi‚Äôve been coming here since i was a kid and now my daughter just got her braces off. we have had the best experience. highly recommendedresponse from the owner: thank you randy! while fixing up smiles is always fun, it's even more fun when we get to work with multiple generations of family members. we're so glad your experience was excellent as that's always our goal.                     jelani bascomwith a welcoming and friendly environment as well as  excellent customer service, paired with the best guidance upon your needs. smiles by dr. rothstein definitely surpassed my expectations.response from the owner: thank you for sharing your experience jelani. we know that getting orthodontic treatment is a big commitment, and our goal is to make the process as easy and enjoyable as possible. we are so glad to hear of your experience. hoping you have a beautiful holiday time and see you soon!                    angelica youngloved dr. r and staff! everyones extremely friendly and knowledgeable. thank you for fixing my smile! would recommend to any and everyone!amy bernatekthe team is amazing! definitely puts my mama heart at ease.catalina delgadodr. r and staff are amazing!! best orthodontist in town.chelsea maizeldr. r is the best and the whole team is very professional! they did such a great job with my invisalign and completely transformed my smile. thank you, dr. r!







facebook
 



google
 



yelp
 



youtube
 


















 



getting started with invisalign treatment is easy. no more goopy impressions. 






learn more about invisalign























 



 



getting started with invisalign treatment is easy. no more goopy impressions. 






learn more about invisalign



















 








 









 









 









 























boca raton 



8903 glades rd., boca raton, 33434 



(561) 483-0072 














coral springs 



5431 n university drive, suite 103, coral springs, fl 33067 



(954) 526-5432 
















home
about us
patient info
treatments
about orthodontics
invisalign
contact us
 

home
about us
patient info
treatments
about orthodontics
invisalign
contact us
 





sitemap
privacy policy
anti spam policy
statement of accessibility
 

sitemap
privacy policy
anti spam policy
statement of accessibility
 













 




¬© copyright 2025¬†orthodontist boca raton coral springs fl invisalign | smiles by dr w & dr r ‚ÅÉ site design by: kaleidoscope¬Æ  




looking for an orthodontist near me in boca raton & coral springs, fl? 



orthodontists dr. ira rothstein and dr. peter wohlgemuth at smiles by dr. w & dr. r ¬†specialize in state-of-the-art braces, metal braces, clear braces, ceramic braces, itero digital impressions, and invisalign. we also offer early orthodontic treatment for children, and full orthodontic treatment for teens, and adult orthodontics. when considering your investment which includes the cost of braces, the cost of invisalign, and the time it takes to create your new smile, you can‚Äôt put a price tag on a life-changing appearance which improves your long term dental health.
visit our two convenient locations today in boca raton and coral springs, fl. you will see for yourself smiles by dr. w & dr. r offer effective and affordable braces. 











































