















stash along knitting







































































stash along knitting



a resurrection of the old stash along knitting blog archive. 

























































































sunday, 1 december 2013








stashalong archive: hi all






hi all 





i
 missed the deadline to participate in the july kal, but that is 
probably a good thing since i currently have 2 projects on the needles 
that i really want to work on. the first is the sweater i posted about 
earlier in june. it's the split-t pattern from
 knitting pure and simple. i'm using classic elite renaissance yarn, 
which i just love...so soft and knits up like a dream. i only hope it 
wears well :-) the picture is a bit dark and really doesn't serve it 
justice, but it's a wonderful dark plum color. 














i
 also started a summer sweater for myself. i typically don't knit for 
myself so to have two sweaters going on for me is so unusual. i 
subscribe to knitting daily by interweave press and was smitten by one of the free patterns they posted...tomato by wendy bernard (of the great blog knit and tonic).
 last weekend we found ourselves in asheville at a wonderful yarn shop 
in the biltmore village that had blue sky alpacas cotton in stock. i 
rarely use the yarn called for in a pattern, since i am working from 
stash and am also trying to be careful about pricey yarn purchases.  but
 this was so incredibly soft...i had to have it and cast on as soon as i
 could. so, i used my free day to purchase it and some 1/2 off debbie 
bliss for some future unknown project for my daughter.  i haven't gotten
 too far, but i'm trying to work on both of the sweaters.




we
 are crazy busy this month, but my goal is to try and finish the 
split-t, or get pretty darn close to finished. i'd also like to make a 
bit of progress on tomato too. we do have a long road trip scheduled for later this month, so i might get some good knitting time in that weekend. 



happy knitting and enjoy the holiday.  cheers  :-)   rose





posted by

the look



at

08:21



no comments:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest















thursday, 21 november 2013








stashalong archive: july's kal within a kal





here are some photos of the yarn i'll be using for the july kal within a
 kal. first up is some cotton fleece for the monica tank for my niece. 
that little portion on the needle has already been frogged because i 
decided i didn't want to stitch seems, so i cast on circulars and will 
just knit the tank in-the-round.
 next up are some yarns i am thinking of using for the tote bag for my 
secret pal. i've decided to use the suki pattern from knitty. i thought i
 had some peach somewhere in my stash (she likes peach, purple and 
turquoise), but i can't find it right now. i'm only going to use one of 
those purples, i just haven't decided on which one.





posted by

the look



at

08:19



2 comments:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest















thursday, 14 november 2013








stashalong archive: july kal and my new goals 







sorry about that hit the enter button





so
 here is my july project.... my hubby's harry potter socks... i started 
them today with knitpicks palette in the fingerweight ... love it.





i
 have to redo my order of projects and will be posting them shortly. i 
got into ravelery and it made me realize that some of my goals were met 
and i hadnt updated. i did have to buy yarn to finish my june kal 
project which is below but it was one skein and i used up 20. so i dont 
think i get a strike.





i am going to stitches in august and will use one of my free days there. 





but
 i did buy some yarn to make a blanket for my mil wedding. so i will 
happily take it.... but i have to say that it was my first yarn purchase
 since i commited in jan. not bad.





posted by

the look



at

08:18



no comments:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest















friday, 8 november 2013







stashalong archive: july kal goals






you ladies 
are awesome. i've just read thru the most recent posts for the kal and 
have been inspired, amazed and thrilled. i see several things i'd like 
to make, ideas for some lone skeins that are looming in the basket and 
just overall encouraged. thx ladies, you are an awesome group. i look 
forward to seeing all the progress and finish work. now back to my 
clothes ~ oh, kimt your afghan squares gave me an idea for one of my 
clothes. ;d




happy knitting & 4th of july.




ps
 ~ i sent this as a post so i wouldn't have to write a comment on each 
because that would have taken a little too long w/my slow computer and 
blogger glitches. lol  also, welcome new salers. ;d





posted by

the look



at

08:17



no comments:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest















thursday, 31 october 2013







stashalong archive: time to knit!





hi everyone,
i am new to the group. i have been uploading my stash to ravelry
 and realized i have way too much yarn in my small house! so, i decided 
to join and knock those skeins down before those skeins knock down my 
house! *giggle* i have decided to go with option 1 for the month of july
 and knit strictly from my stash and in the process join the july kal.here are my goals for july:* knit the monthly dishcloth kals (i have such a huge dishcloth stash. they knit up 2 dishcloths a month starting on the 1st and the 16th.
 i don't usually knit the 1st cloth of the month because i'm not big on 
"picture" cloth, so instead i find an older pattern off the site to knit
 for the 1st and then i follow their 2nd one)* knit the monica tank for my niece*
 finish knitting that same tank for her younger sister. (i needed to 
make some minor adjustments on the straps and weave in some elastic 
around the top)* knit a bag for my secret pal.* crochet 20% of an afghan for my parents for their christmas gift.* knit a square for rebuilding greensburg - block by block* crochet 5 squares for the stained glass afghan. the afghan required 357 squares!i think that should all be doable in a months time, even after work cuts into my knitting time *laugh*





posted by

the look



at

08:16



no comments:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest















friday, 25 october 2013








stashalong archive: thanks





i am glad to be here working away on my stash with everyone!  i'm a phd 
student working on my dissertation, so knitting is a distraction i allow
 myself.  back in april, i decided to go on a yarn diet and only knit 
from my collection.  i inventoried all my yarn with a 3x5 index card for
 each skein or group of the same color and set off knitting.   in may, i
 knit cotton cloths and did great reducing the number of skeins and 
partial skeins i had.    june was to be wool month.  but, i sort of fell
 off the wagon and started knitting cloths again (there was a bit of 
financial motivation here) and i purchased yarn in the colors that were 
being requested.   as part of this evolving project, i was asked to 
create some felted bowls to coordinate with the cloths.   more yarn 
acquired.   this yarn is not intended to stay in my stash (i prefer 
calling it a collection), but as of today it has not been knit up.   in 
the spirit of full disclosure, here is a photo of the yarn i purchased 
in june and still have as of july 1:i
 am going to use the checkbook option because i really want to reduce 
total number of skeins and i have plenty of projects to keep me busy for
 months using the yarn i have on hand.  my first goal is to use five 
skeins in july.  i know this seems like a small goal, but i have alot on
 my plate this month.   in case you are counting, there ought to be 44 
skeins in this photo.  on the needles: 1 cloth, ribby sweaterpending arrival of beads: mystery stole 3





posted by

the look



at

08:14



no comments:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest















sunday, 13 october 2013







stashalong archive: happy sunday!





well, i've made it through the list of both the june and july kal.congrats
 to all our winners for the june kal within a kal--see their names in 
the sidebar. enjoy those free days whenever you choose to use them :) 
make sure you let me know when you do so i can take you off the list.july
 kal within a kal--you've got until tomorrow morning to get your goals 
up--i think i've already got everyone that posted so far(if not let me 
know).i'm off to fix the mess that is my mystery stole 3 clue(i 
was within 1 row of being done yesterday when somehow i lost a stitch--i
 tried tinking back and it just kept getting worse so i ripped the whole
 thing out. and to add insult to injury i was working on it on our deck 
with a big wind came along and blew my tiny crochet hook of the deck 
into a crack under the deck--never to be see again, so i need to go 
shopping today for a new one before i can start again.)





posted by

the look



at

08:12



no comments:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest

















older posts

home




subscribe to:
posts (atom)















followers











blog archive








        ▼ 
      



2013

(13)





        ▼ 
      



december

(1)

stashalong archive: hi all








        ► 
      



november

(3)







        ► 
      



october

(4)







        ► 
      



september

(5)


















































simple theme. powered by blogger.
























