







long stainless bar supplier - stainless steel bar products | circle h steel products



























































about us
contact us
faq

request a quote


   713.910.2111
   713.910.2111


search























products 



stainless steel bar


303 stainless bar
304 stainless bar
316 stainless bar
410 stainless bar
416 stainless bar
17-4 stainless bar
pitch diameter bar
alloy 2205 duplex bar


pump shaft quality bar
turn ground & polish bar
flatbar



sizes


speciality sizes
short
long



services


sawcutting
grinding/custom shafting
heat treating



industries & applications


boat shafting
pump manufacturing
mixers & food processing
wastewater treatment
valve manufacturing


calculator
request a quote




home

products 


stainless steel bar

303 stainless bar
304 stainless bar
316 stainless bar
410 stainless bar
416 stainless bar
17-4 stainless bar
pitch diameter bar
alloy 2205 duplex bar


pump shaft quality bar
turn ground & polish bar
flatbar



sizes

speciality sizes
short
long



services

sawcutting
grinding/custom shafting
heat treating



industries & applications

boat shafting
pump manufacturing
mixers & food processing
wastewater treatment
valve manufacturing


about us
calculator
contact us
request a quote










the largest national provider of long length steel & specialty stainless bars
learn more














products
 







industries & applications
 







calculator
 








long stainless steel bar supplier

specialize in 24ft - 30ft steel bars 50% materials sourced are domestic 






products
 







industries & applications
 







calculator
 











stainless steel bars
stainless steel is not a single material but the name for a family of corrosion resistant steels. like many scientific discoveries the origins of stainless steel lies in a serendipitous accident. in 1913 sheffield, england, harry brearley was investigating the development of new steel alloys for use in gun barrels. he noticed that some of his samples didn’t rust and were difficult to etch. these alloys contained around 13% chromium. circle h steel products inc. is a long  stainless steel barsupplier and specializes in following stainless steel products and services. 


303 stainless bar
304 stainless bar
316 stainless bar
410 stainless bar
416 stainless bar
17-4 stainless bar
pitch diameter bar
alloy 2205 duplex bar
view all stainless








weight calculator



*these weights should be used for estimation purposes only. plate weight does not allow for kerf.




select metal:



carbon steel
15-5 ph stainless steel
4130 alloy steel 
4140 alloy steel 
4340 alloy steel 
9310 alloy steel 
copper 
brass 
t-304 stainless 
t-430 stainless 
stainless 300 series 
stainless 400 series 
aluminum 
aluminum 1100 
aluminum 2011 
aluminum 2014 
aluminum 2017 
aluminum 2024 
aluminum 3003 
aluminum 5005 
aluminum 5052 
aluminum 5056 
aluminum 5083 
aluminum 5086 
aluminum 6061 
aluminum 6063 
aluminum 7050 
aluminum 7075 
aluminum 7178 
beryllium 
brass 
cast iron 
columbium 
copper 
lead 
magnesium 
molybdenum 
nickel 200 
nickel 201 
nickel 400 
nickel 600 
nickel 625 
nickel 718 
nickel x750 
nickel 800 
nickel 800h 
nickel 825 
nickel 904l 
tantalum 
titanium 
tungsten 
zinc 
zirconium 





select shape:



round bar 
square or flat bar 
sheet 
plate 
circle 
ring 
hexagon bar 
round tubing 
square tubing 





number of pieces:







size information:







in 
ft 
yd 
mm 
cm 
m 










in 
ft 
yd 
mm 
cm 
m 










in 
ft 
yd 
mm 
cm 
m 







calculate


reset


calculated weights:





pounds (lbs)





kilograms (kg)
















need a customized quote?
contact our team of specialists today.

request a quote



request a quote











800.382.7748



8261 monroe rd,  houston, tx 77061






get in touch



full name*




email address*



phone*











attach file



comments*


submit















top




products
sizes
services
industries & applications
calculators
about

   sitemap   |   © 2018 - 2024 circle h steel products inc.











