





oregan networks - solutions & services for digital video























































 







skip to content








 









solutions

android tv custom launcher
smart tv applications
zenterio os linux stb client
audience & device analytics
tr-069 device management
video advertising manager
widevine cas


services

legacy stb upcycling
android tv system integration
end-to-end system integration
automated test & qa services
media player optimisation


news
careers
contact
 

 menu


solutions

android tv custom launcher
smart tv applications
zenterio os linux stb client
audience & device analytics
tr-069 device management
video advertising manager
widevine cas


services

legacy stb upcycling
android tv system integration
end-to-end system integration
automated test & qa services
media player optimisation


news
careers
contact
 
















 





turning visions into reality 



solutions & services for digital video 



oregan provides software solutions and system integration services to digital video operators globally 







 
about us





































custom solutions for complex video delivery challenges 



what can we do for you? 














 




							smart tv applications						


						launch ott video services across android tv, tizen & webos					










 
learn more














 




							android tv launcher						


						google certified android tv operator tier custom launcher					










 
learn more














 




							legacy stb upcycling						


						protect roi by extending functions & lifecycle of legacy stbs					










 
learn more


















 




							audience & device analytics						


						audience measurement, device profiling and kpi monitoring					










 
learn more














 




							video advertising manager						


						video and ux advertising delivered to stb and smart tv devices					










 
learn more














 




							tr-069 device management						


						device upgrade and management, with app updates and removal					










 
learn more


















 




							end-to-end system integration						


						bring us the problem, we design, develop and integrate the solution 					










 
learn more














 




							media player optimisation						


						media player and end-to-end video delivery pipe optimisation					










 
learn more














 




							automated test & qa services						


						e2e test services plus compliance for google, netflix & amazon					










 
learn more



















trusted to deliver 



we are trusted by some of the largest global tv operators and content platforms 





 












 





solving complex video technology challenges 



trust the oregan team to deliver on challenging ott, iptv and dvb project milestones, allowing you to focus on delighting customers and generating new revenues 







 
contact us











 





























 
sales@oregan.net





 
+44 20 3920 9090





 
follow on linkedin







oregan networks ltd
56 glentham rd
london, sw13 9jj
united kingdom 



oregan networks ab
diskettgatan 11
58335 linköping
sweden 







© 2025 · oregan networks ltd. 






























