





















blog jeffords
















































blog jeffords
















home
property

entertainment

healthy

backlink website

seo strategy

tools seo

privacy policy

tos








translate











saturday, june 4, 2016






perumahan subsidi di rajeg tangerang banten



11:40 am
  
  29 comments



perumahan subsidi di rajeg tangerang banten

program sejuta rumah untukk rakyat










 perumahan bersubsidi pemerintah
di setu bekasi timurrumah subsidicicilan mulai dari rp 803.000,- perbulan ( 20 th )rp. 963.500,- " ( 15 th )rp. 1.299.500,- ( 10 th )mililiki rumahnya selagi masih tersedia dan ada kesempatanrumah murah subsidi di setu bekasi timur(setu) (jl. raya setu, bekasi)perumahan perumahan setu primajl. raya setu, bekasi.bekasirp. 133,5 jtcicilan rp.803,000,-perbulankpr 20 th.bunga flat 5 % subsidigratis ppn : 10%sertifikathak guna bangunanlokasi strategis– dekat dengan kawasan mm2100– akses jalur masuk lokasi bisa daricileungsi, cibitung, bantar gebang– dekat kecamatan setu– dekat dengan pasar tradisionalspesifikasi :pondasi : batu kali, kolom – cor beton bertulang,dinding : batako plester luar dalam di catatap : baja ringan,kusen : kayu standar,cukup boking fee 1.000.000sudah memiliki rumahtotal dp sampai akad siap huni rp 38,5.jtbisa cicil 4x bulanminat serius hub langsung :sony nurbai bb 765c743a0813 140 230 170878 8363 5425






read more












thursday, july 23, 2015






introduction to net two.0



8:38 am
  website
  4 comments



introduction to net two.0






anyone united nations agency needs to know net two.0 style should initial be

familiar with what net two.0 means. the phrase stands for the

supposed second generation of the net that focuses on

collaboration and sharing of knowledge among users.


what wont to be unidirectional highways of the recent net is currentlyreplaced by a community-driven world of net two.0.the term net two.0 was initial utilized in 2004 throughout the o’reillymedia net two.0 conference. this recommended a modification on howeverdevelopers and users use the net.some of the items associated with net two.0 embody blogs, rss(really straightforward syndication) feeds, social bookmarkingwebsites and therefore the like.all of them share the common factors of gettinginteractivity and communication between the web site ownerand the guests, moreover as among the guests themselves.the alleged net two.0 encompasses the rear and front ofwebsites. however, to the typical users, the changes square measuremost evident on what they really see and use on thewebsites that they visit.for example, for ajax-based applications, what they see square measurethe change of knowledge on the page while not reallyrefreshing the complete page, that was the technique before.web 2.0 has created it doable to make a desktopenvironment to websites. as an example, users of the past willonly sort their documents on their computers and were solelyable to share them to others by causation it through e-mail.but with net two.0, users will currently produce their documents onwebsites which provide that service and square measure ready to sharethem to others by simply adding the e-mail addresses oftheir friends. such is that the case with google documents,formerly called writely, till google nonheritable thecompany.all in all, web 2.0 has any enriched the web byletting folks collaborate, creating the net into a realcommunity.

link : jasa pembuatan website murah


read more












wednesday, june 17, 2015






for seo and your customers web design jakarta



10:27 pm
  seo
  9 comments




for seo and your customers web design jakarta
i having an internet site isn't
guarantee you win
business competition, as a result of your competitors conjointly used a similar means. therefore what must you do?

facts regarding the zero moment of truth


the digital age makes info on the net becomes a very important reference
 within the lifetime of homo sapiens sapiens. individuals use the net to
 search out out info a few ton of things, starting from events that have
 recently occurred, the foremost current trends, to see what things have
 to be compelled to be purchased.

we area unit cognizant of the development of the influence of the 
knowledge that was on the net. we tend to conjointly notice this 
development in daily life, even within the trivial although. one amongst
 them is a happening that happens in our workplace a while past.


one of our worker had simply came back to figure once a leave of 
absence. not a lot of has modified from him, aside from his face that 
appearance completely different. of course, this raises queries among 
alternative worker, "put a replacement face cream? what brand? "

she blushed, the worker aforesaid a well known brands foreign cosmetics.
 what happened next? hour lunch that day we tend to spent {the 
worker|the worker} to search out out regarding cosmetic product employed
 by associate employee united nations agency had simply came back from 
the leave of absence.

they decide info regarding the merchandise, regarding the value, and 
reviews of beauty product. they conjointly begin to check with 
alternative product, before a number of them commit to purchase the 
merchandise in question.

this development is way completely different from what happened within 
the past. within the past, if you recognize your friend sporting a 
specific product, you may decide the knowledge from him, then came up to
 the counter or store that sells product and do "research" by reading a 
folder or details of their product, then commit to pip out.


here could be a description of what happens once individuals build purchases within the past:


information


stimulus: get info a few product or service, is from advertising, additionally because the recommendations of others.

first moment of truth: attend the shop and build a call to shop for or not

second moment of truth: use product and glad


the process has modified lots now, the buyer is not any longer simply 
knowledgeable about what's referred to as the primary moment of truth 
and moment of truth because the description on top of.

in the epoch, customers conjointly acknowledge that named as zero

moment of truth (zmot) as within the chart below:



information


stimulus: individuals grasp the product / services of advertising and of advice

zmot: individuals decide things regarding the merchandise / service on the net

first moment of truth: to create a call to shop for or not


second moment of truth: use product and glad


on the theme, we all know that zmot could be a amount {in that|during 
which|within which} potential customers use the net to search out out 
info on which to base a call to create the acquisition.

not solely that, customers united nations agency ultimately use the 
merchandise or service can offer feedback within the type of a review or
 a standing in social media may eventually become a supply of

zmot for alternative potential customers united nations agency area unit longing for info regarding the merchandise.

how necessary is zmot? {consider|think regarding|contemplate|take into 
account} the subsequent facts about what number individuals area unit 
looking info on the net before buying:

source: tns feminine shoppers study, q4 2012. qd2c: role of analysis (n =
 8004). all markets, categories. supported last purchases.

from this information, it is seen that fifty four of customers in 
republic of indonesia to look info on the net before deciding to shop 
for.


thus it's clear that if a product or service that we've not been on the net, we are going to lose over half potential customers.

the easiest thanks to "be on the internet" is to own an internet site. 
however, whether or not to form an internet site alone is enough? the 
solution is no! why? having an internet site doesn't guarantee you 
winning business competition, as a result of your competitors conjointly
 used a similar means. therefore what must you do?

1. watch your web site content


why continually content to be highlighted? as a result of your customers
 area unit human! prospective customers area unit those united nations 
agency pays attention to each detail of your content before creating a 
call to buy or not.

"make it a horny website for net users, not for search engines. don't 
deceive guests by displaying completely different content from those in 
search results "(google expert)


if your content is unhealthy, then that ought to zmot is that the zero 
moment of truth may change into zonk moment of truth that may herald 
customers even build them run away. united nations agency desires to 
shop for the product oversubscribed on the web site with content in 
shambles? you want? in fact not!

moreover, it seems smart content is additionally smart for seo and improve your rankings on the search page.

"if nobody is curious about visiting your web site, then

search engines can ignore the existence of your website! "


the result can return to you again: if smart content
 many of us united
 nations agency can visit
 smart seo your web site rank high
 easier to search out many of us united nations agency are going to be 
visiting. voila! it is a nice chance to draw in potential customers!

"in search technology, 2 things area unit important: association

(relevance) and the way necessary the content! "


so a way to order your content brightly within the eyes of potential customers and smart for seo?

a. your content ought to be fascinating and leave an effect. in 
addition, you would like to form content that creates your web site 
guests interested to convey what you write to some other person. it'd be
 nice for seo and sales. remember! nobody


share info tedious. so, avoid menampilakn content makes individuals tired.
b. your content should be relevant alias related to your product, related
with your prospect.

c. your content ought to be necessary to grasp. additionally, note 
conjointly that the content of your prospective customers have created 
higher decisions? area unit entertain? do build your customers share 
that info with others?

2. build the primary five seconds of nice value

"visitors to {the web site|the web site} solely have regarding five 
seconds to see whether or not they can leave your website or not"

the first 5 seconds could be a crucial time to draw in the eye of 
tourists. then, certify the intent or focus of your web site is seen by 
guests to your web site
in just the primary 5 seconds solely.


if among five seconds, guests don't perceive what you supply, likelihood is they'll leave your web site.

whether in five seconds you'll decide what the main target of this 
website? what's offered? area unit you curious about doing a 
transaction?

compare this with the instance of those 2 websites:


which is less complicated to know its contents in only five seconds? 
what area unit samples of the primary or the second website?


let's compare. of election web site name, overseas zone remains not too 
sturdy as a result of individuals don't right away grasp what's being 
offered. aforesaid overseas so refers to the sense of "abroad", however 
what share of individuals united nations agency grasp what it means? 
however were cognizant of what this web site needs to offer?

while the quantity 2 within the example web site, name kutukutubuku.com 
already incontestable  that this web site contains a book. what is more,
 from a banner that reads "book festival" and therefore the images below
 the duvet of the book clearly states that the web site mercantilism 
books.

"the a lot of acquainted we tend to area unit with one thing, the better
 we'd adore it. sure this is often simply the result of whether or not 
or not one thing simply understood "(zajonc, 1968)

try to note the 2 examples below web site. each sell tie. however, the 
choice of colours and conjointly the layout within the web site, the 
samples of websites that left becomes easier to know than the instance 
on the proper.

of course, the look of {the we tend tobsite|the web site} that the left 
is that we advocate for your web site. particularly if you merely have 
five seconds to draw in the eye of potential customers before they 
commit to leave your web site as a result of it confused what 
specifically does one have to be compelled to supply (as within the 
example on top of web site on the right).

let's recollect samples overseaszone.com web site. apparently, 
additionally to failing to introduce the service within the 1st five 
seconds, the web site is additionally less keen in selecting words. 
contemplate the subsequent passage:

the search field seems at the highest of the web site overseaszone.com.

visitors to {the web site|the web site} united nations agency still 
don't perceive what's truly offered by this website are going to be a 
lot of confused as a result of suddenly have to be compelled to opt for a
 course. course fuck
is the point?

hit and fewer personal.

in addition, the words "select classes" within the search field is a smaller amount

compare if the writing is replaced with, "want to continue their education abroad? notice your education here!
other errors that exist on the web site during this section:

this section conjointly seem on the primary page. what's your impression?


imagine you're the guests united nations agency still don't grasp what 
specifically this web site service (because they didn't offer any info 
concerning their services at the beginning) then suddenly you're 
bestowed with their service at an incredible value, tens and even many 
millions. with none clarification on what area unit the parts of those 
prices.

what would you do? most of you may right away run away while not wasting lots of your time.

therefore, though this web site victimisation optimisation systems to 
the most however is just able to turn out alittle conversion. why? owing
 to a blunder created within the creation of internet sites that law the
 primary five seconds. once the primary 5 seconds, most guests tend to 
run removed from this web site while not conducting any transactions.

web design jakarta




read more












monday, may 4, 2015






website style that may improve its usability



10:38 pm
  website
  3 comments


website style that may improve its usabilityinternet users encounter a website’s usability before they even have determined to use it and a lot of therefore before they create up their minds on probable purchases. a fact is, the planet wide internet is that the supreme setting for management, wherever the one un agency is clicking the mouse controls everything.search engine selling is vital as typically guests utilize search engines so as to get your web site. but once they reach your website, they ought to be ready to use your website with ease and perceive its content.research shows that of forty three million web websites, solely forty two % square measure found to be usable.evidently, a serious live of web site success is its effectiveness in changing leads into patrons.  however, recent studies show that fifty % of web site sales square measure wasted attributable to the very fact that guests cannot find the content that they need; this results in reduced internet productivity, exaggerated traveller frustration, wasted traveller time moreover as loss of visitor’s repeat visits then loss of web site cash.studies done by usability specialists estimates that by up your visitors’ internet encounter, it will increase your patrons by concerning forty % and additionally will increase overall quantity of orders by ten %.a fact is, web users don't prefer to wait, a lot of therefore learning the way to approach employing a laborious to navigate home page. people have to be compelled to simply perceive however an explicit web site functions forthwith once they need scanned the page.here square measure tips to boost your website’s usability:simple and clear internet navigation style •    it should be set within the very same location on every page and in very same format, in order that your guests won't get annoyed and confused if links disappear and seem erratically. •    use appropriate text in your links. your guests should understand wherever links can take them, through reading the text provided in your link. •    employ the utilization of css to relinquish stress on text links.  •    include invariably text links. detain mind that every page should have “text links” that links to any or all necessary components of the web site.•    include a “site logo” linking to your home page. typically website logos square measure settled at the top “left-hand” corner of the page, wherever most guests have the tendency to travel even before checking out the homepage link that sometimes is found in your navigation system.•    place a web site search box to assist your guests find quickly the data that they have. have an easy, authentic and clear content. an attractive internet style little question attracts guests however sensible content is what keeps your guests on your website and evokes them to go to once more.•    when you write your content, whereas it's necessary to think about search engines and keywords, additionally think about your guests and gift the content in an exceedingly manner that's simply comprehendible and to unravel their issues.•    create a lovely heading and every paragraph ought to provide appealing statements all the time.•    create a page content that's simple to scan and emphasize your most significant points with colours, daring letters or header tags.support your wholea great whole strengthens your visitors’ impression or plan of your web site. a website that's branded powerfully imprints in your guests mind your merchandise anytime they are going “shopping”.•    keep typefaces and colours consistent. decide fonts and colours rigorously and systematically use them throughout the web site.•    keep your page layout constant. use the utilization of a “website template” so as to hold out an identical page structure. •    make a useful custom page error that may facilitate guests ought to they click on “a broken link” or enter associate in nursing incorrect url. provide traveller feedbackforms square measure essential to your ecommerce site’s success, as while not it, you'll not have your pushcart. and any website typically wants a kind for traveller feedback. •    keep them short and simply accessible, clearly noting what's needed so as to submit it with success. •    supply your complete contact details together with your fax range, business signaling, communicating address and your email address. test your web site before launching•    test to see if your web site hundreds with success altogether “browsers”. •    test all of your links and make sure that they're operating properly.•    look for and make sure that your web site is free from errors. •    search for grammatical errors and misspelled words and proper them if any.•    test your web site load times.web usability puts planning and designing primarily for your web site guests your high priority. pembuatan website that suffice to the expectations of its guests can have snug guests which will visit your site once more and once more and suggest it to friends.

example : jasa pembuatan website


read more












monday, april 27, 2015






options for website development



8:35 am
  website
  6 comments






options for website development

plenty of 
individuals are racking your brains on how to build his or her web site.
 many people understand they require one particular. they've got an idea
 what exactly they need the item to look similar to. these people really
 know what they really want the website to accomplish. in many cases, 
many people even learn the particular website name they wish to employ. 
even so the actual issue is actually: exactly where do i start? who are 
able to build it for me? what’s the idea likely to cost?seeing 
that it turns out, there are numerous possibilities open. in reality, 
you'll find as much options available as you will discover internet 
sites on the internet. however a few get noticed as specifically good 
acknowledged that you think about. this information can examine several 
strategies for getting the internet site installed and operating. the 
truth is, you'll find many subcategories in each and every approach 
however this particular introduction ought to provide beneficial start 
to start off your own preparing.the initial technique is also 
the most cost effective. you may use the particular joomla cms 
world-wide-web app platform to develop your blog. joomla can be an 
available origin task, which means it was developed by generally 
connected programmers world wide as well as it’s free to utilize. yes, 
an individual go through this effectively. it’s for no extra charge 
proper to make use of. you only get this system in addition to do the 
installation on your server as well as you’re fine. there are many 
extension cables you can download along with set up, bettering your 
functionality of the site. the beauty on the system is that you can 
login whenever they want along with make modifications or even 
modifications to your website, alone. joomla is often a highly effective
 written content supervision process and you can easily offered some 
sort of feature-rich website devoid of spending anything at all.your
 second tactic should be to coordinator your website which has a 
corporation that provides some sort of template-driven world wide web 
software framework of their unique. a lot more contains will provide 
programs like this and also they’re a fantastic selection with regard to
 non-tech-savvy individuals who wish to have a internet site upwards 
swiftly and then transform the idea whenever they including. most of 
these platforms offer identical features to joomla nonetheless they tend
 to be intuitive along with simpler to make use of. fortunately they are
 staying improved routinely and also usually have some sort of consumer 
service collection at the same time. though basic web hosting may 
possibly cost $10 monthly, the actual addition of these systems might 
raise your own price to be able to $20 or $30 each month.the 
past approach we’ll go over in the following paragraphs could be the 
genuine selecting of an web designer to set your site in concert. this 
can be naturally essentially the most pricey alternative nonetheless it 
does include many specific rewards. to begin with, you are able to 
pattern the web site any way you prefer. you’re not really on a themes 
or perhaps structure options. you can apply whatever you including. it's
 also possible to incorporate tailor made performance joomla or even 
this template-driven platforms don’t offer you. and in many cases, 
today’s designers can incorporate administrative back-ends so that you 
can alter content material once you like. there’s absolutely no problem 
you may get the cadillac remedy which has a personalized world-wide-web 
programmer. the only downside is which it’ll amount to much more 
dollars.you will discover many options we've not just mentioned.
 this post is supposed to obtain people began; offer you several 
essential types to take into consideration. shop around as well as shop 
around. we simply ask you examine your affordable options just before 
creating your good investment. you could be stunned with the 
functionality available as a result of joomla or maybe the particular 
systems provided by contains. they might do a definitely good task as 
well as will save you lots of money concurrently.to become more details just click here jasa pembuatan website.



read more















alternatives business for website development



8:33 am
  website
  no comments





alternatives business for website development 
a great number of folks are considering develop his or her web 
site. these people understand needed 1. they’ve a concept precisely what
 they desire this to take a look including. they really know what they 
really want the site to perform. in many cases, that they possibly know 
the website name they need to employ. even so the real dilemma is 
actually: where by do you start off? who are able to build this to me? 
what’s that about to price?

since as it happens, there are many different possibilities open. the
 truth is, there are as many possibilities open seeing that you will 
discover internet websites on the net. but a couple of get noticed as in
 particular great neared so that you can take into account. this 
information can evaluate a few tips for getting the website up and 
running. actually, you will find plenty of subcategories inside every 
technique however this review ought to give you a beneficial begin to 
begin your setting up.

the first technique is also the most affordable. you should utilize 
the actual joomla cms internet application construction to construct 
your site. joomla can be an available origin challenge, meaning it 
absolutely was manufactured by loosely connected designers all over the 
world in addition to it’s liberal to utilize. yes, you go through this 
properly. it’s for free proper make use of. you simply obtain the 
particular program as well as handle the installation on the server 
along with you’re fine. in addition there are many plug-ins you’ll be 
able to get in addition to set up, increasing the actual performance of 
the web page. the sweetness on the system can be that one could go 
browsing whenever you want and also create adjustments or changes aimed 
at your site, all by yourself. joomla is a potent content managing 
system and swiftly organize a new feature-rich web site without having 
having to pay anything.

the other tactic should be to coordinator your blog that has a 
corporation that has a template-driven net application framework of 
their personal. a lot more contains are offering to you websites such as
 this along with they’re a fantastic solution for non-tech-savvy persons
 who would like to have a internet site in place speedily and then 
transform the item every time they just like. these kinds of platforms 
provide related features to joomla nevertheless they tend to be 
perceptive as well as better to make use of. they’ve also been staying 
upgraded regularly along with most often have some sort of consumer help
 range likewise. although simple internet hosting might expense $10 each
 month, your supplement of the websites could possibly enhance your own 
price tag in order to $20 or $30 per month.

a final strategy we’ll discuss in this posting may be the precise 
employing of the world-wide-web programmer to get your website in 
concert. this can be obviously essentially the most high priced choice 
but it does accompany some distinctive strengths. to begin with, you can
 pattern it however you prefer. you’re not on a themes or even design 
selections. you’re able to do anything you similar to. also you can add 
custom made functionality joomla or even your template-driven systems 
don’t provide. and in some cases, today’s designers can easily 
incorporate administrative back-ends so that you can transform content 
material when you including. there’s not any problem you can find the 
particular cadillac treatment method with a personalized world-wide-web 
creator. really the only problem is usually that will it’ll cost you 
much more dollars.

you can find lots of choices i’ve even if it’s just stated. this 
information is supposed for getting anyone began; supply you with 
several essential groups to think about. shop around along with shop 
around. we only request which you consider your economical options 
before producing your current concluding decision. you may be surprised 
on the functionality obtainable by way of joomla or perhaps the actual 
platforms proposed by contains. they will start a really nice employment
 along with you will save a small fortune at the same time.to become more details just click here jasa pembuatan website.



read more















choices for website development 



8:30 am
  website
  2 comments



choices for website development


countless people are trying to figure out how to build their website. 
they recognize they desire a single. they've got a perception just what 
they demand it to look including. these people understand what they 
desire the site to do. in many cases, many people perhaps know the 
domain name they want to work with. nevertheless the genuine dilemma is 
actually: where will i begin? who is going to construct that for me 
personally? what’s that about to price?

because as it happens, there are many possibilities open. the truth is, 
there are as many possibilities because you will find web sites via the 
internet. although a couple of stand out as particularly great greeted 
for you to look at. this information will review 3 approaches for 
helping your website up and running. the truth is, there are countless 
subcategories inside of each and every method although that review ought
 to provide excellent will start off the organizing.

the first approach can also be the most affordable. you need to use the 
particular joomla cms world wide web request framework to build your 
blog. joomla is definitely an available supply undertaking, which means 
it turned out produced by generally related coders around the globe in 
addition to it’s liberal to make use of. indeed, a person study it the 
right way. it’s totally free for anyone make use of. you merely down 
load the actual software and handle the installation on your server and 
you’re good to go. in addition there are plenty of extension cords you 
are able to download and also install, boosting this functionality of 
your web page. the beauty with the system will be that you could go 
browsing anytime in addition to make changes or modifications internet, 
all by yourself. joomla is often a effective content material management
 process and you'll easily organize any feature-rich site without having
 forking over a cent.

the second tactic should be to sponsor your internet site with a company
 that offers some sort of template-driven world wide web program 
composition in their personal. increasingly more serves will provide 
platforms this way and also they’re a great choice regarding 
non-tech-savvy people who would like to receive a website upwards 
rapidly and also adjust the item every time they including. these kinds 
of systems present comparable functionality to help joomla they tend to 
be intuitive in addition to better to employ. they are also currently 
being upgraded on a regular basis and also normally have some sort of 
user help brand as well. whilst basic web hosting may cost $10 every 
month, this add-on of the platforms may possibly increase your charge to
 $20 or $30 each month.

the past method we’ll examine in this post will be the true selecting of
 your net developer that will put your internet site with each other. 
this really is certainly probably the most expensive selection 
nevertheless it really does come with many distinctive rewards. for 
starters, you possibly can design and style your website however you 
enjoy. you’re not limited by templates or perhaps design options. you're
 able to do whatever you similar to. also you can incorporate 
personalized efficiency joomla as well as this template-driven websites 
don’t offer. and in some cases, today’s programmers can integrate 
management back-ends to help you adjust information while you including.
 there’s absolutely no query you will get this cadillac therapy which 
has a customized net builder. the only negative aspect is usually of 
which it’ll run you extra money.

you'll find lots of alternatives we have not even pointed out. this 
article is intended to have you began; provide you with several 
essential classes to take into account. browse around as well as do your
 research. my partner and i only ask that you just check out the 
particular low-cost selections prior to generating your current 
concluding decision. you will be astonished with the performance 
available via joomla or even the particular programs provided by serves.
 they can perform a definitely pleasant employment along with could save
 you a small fortune concurrently.to become more details just click here
 jasa pembuatan website murah​​.


read more















older posts

home







social profiles





follow us








popular
tags
blog archives












perumahan subsidi di rajeg tangerang banten
 perumahan subsidi di rajeg tangerang banten   program sejuta rumah untukk rakyat              perumahan bersubsidi pemerintah  di setu beka...





for seo and your customers web design jakarta
  for seo and your customers web design jakarta  i having an internet site isn't  guarantee you win  business competition, as a result o...










tips on finding the best building contractors
 tips on finding the best building contractors    you may be trying to buy a residential property or an ad property there square measure sur...










introduction to net two.0
 introduction to net two.0        anyone united nations agency needs to know net two.0 style should initial be   familiar with what net two....





profil emily ratajkowski - history-carrer
emily o'hara ratajkowski [ 2 ]  ( / ˌ r ɑː t aɪ ˈ k oʊ s k i / ; born june 7, 1991) [ 3 ]  is an american model and actress. she rose to...








powered by blogger.








total pageviews











tags





art




entertainment




healthy




polyphemus




rumah dijual




seo




website






followers
























categories



art


entertainment


healthy


polyphemus


rumah dijual


seo


website





banner ads

banner ads



blogroll






 

























labels



art


entertainment


healthy


polyphemus


rumah dijual


seo


website












pages


home













copyright © 
blog jeffords | powered by jasa pembuatan website murah



design by rumah | blogger theme by jasa buat blog - rumah dijual | jasa pembuatan website









