
queensland group for animal rights - they're sentient beings not food choices










   







please note that we have now commenced a different group as we 
      have relocated. our qgar site & mail list is 
      now closed. please visit our new lobsa 
      site & we invite you to join 
      our mail list. to subscribe to our liberation of brother & sister animals 
      [ lobsa ] mail list - click here https://lists.riseup.net/www/subscribe/lobsavisit our lobsa site http://www.lobsa.org liberation of brother & sister 
      animals  

please note that we have now commenced a different 
group and qgar is now closed. our new 
group is lobsa.org.........
"compassion, in which all ethics must take root, can only 
attain it's full breadth and depth if it embraces all living creatures and does 
not limit itself to humankind" - albert schweitzer ..................... 
"thousands - millions and billions - of animals are killed for food. that is 
very sad. we human beings can live without meat, especially in our modern world. 
we have a great variety of vegetables and other supplementary foods, so we have 
the capacity and the responsibility to save billions of lives."- his holiness 
the 14th dalai lama ..................... "i saw the angel in the marble and 
carved until i set him free" - michelangelo ..................."killing animals 
for sport, for pleasure, for adventures, and for hides and furs is a phenomenon 
which is at once disgusting and distressing. there is no justification in 
indulging in such acts of brutality." ~ his holiness the xiv dalai lama "the 
greatness of a nation can be.judged by the way its animals are 
treated."..................."to my mind the life of a lamb is no less precious 
than that of a human being. i should be unwilling to take the life of a lamb for 
the sake of the human body. i hold that, the more helpless a creature, the more 
entitled it is to the protection by man from the cruelty of man." 
......................"in the future, meat-eaters, speaking out of ignorance, 
will say that the buddha permitted the eating of meat, and that he taught there 
was no sin in doing so." - prediction in the lankavatara sutra made by the 
buddha...................... "to become vegetarian is to step into the stream 
which leads to nirvana...... - buddha.................."to see the universal and 
all-pervading spirit of truth face to face one must be able to love the mearest 
of creation as oneself."....................."we must be the change we wish to 
see."....mahatma gandhi.................."not to hurt our humble brethren (the 
animals ) is our first duty to them, but to stop there is not enough. we have a 
higher mission - to be of service to them whenever they require it... if you 
have men who will exclude any of god's creatures from the shelter of compassion 
and pity, you will have men who will deal likewise with their fellow men".....st 
francis of assisi............."to shut your mind, heart, imagination to the 
sufferings of others is to begin slowly but inexorably to die. it is to cease by 
inches from being human, to become in the end capable of nothing, generous or 
unselfish ? or sometimes capable of anything, however terrible."......john 
austin baker, bishop of salisbury.............."i have from an early age abjured 
the use of meat, and the time will come when men such as i will look upon the 
murder of animals as they now look upon the murder of men."......leonardo da 
vinci, artist, designer, inventor and scientist............."you have just 
dined, and however scrupulously the slaughterhouse is concealed in the graceful 
distance of miles, there is complicity." .............ralph waldo 
emerson.............."to a man whose mind is free there is something even more 
intolerable in the sufferings of animals than in the sufferings of man. for with 
the latter it is at least admitted that suffering is evil and that the man who 
causes it is a criminal. but thousands of animals are uselessly butchered every 
day without a shadow of remorse. if any man were to refer to it, he would be 
thought ridiculous. and that is the unpardonable crime.".....romain rolland, 
author, nobel prize 1915............."as custodians of the planet it is our 
responsibility to deal with all species with kindness, love and compassion. that 
these animals suffer through human cruelty is beyond understanding. please help 
to stop this madness."richard gere............."animal liberation is also human 
liberation. animal liberationists care about the quality of life for all. we 
recognize our kinship with all feeling beings. we identify with the powerless 
and the vulnerable ? the victims, all those dominated, oppressed and exploited. 
and it is the non-human animals whose suffering is the most intense, widespread, 
expanding, systematic and socially sanctioned of all.".......henry 
spira............."but for the sake of some little mouthful of flesh we deprive 
a soul of the sun and light, and of that proportion of life and time it had been 
born into the world to enjoy.".............plutarch............."refrain at all 
times from such foods as cannot be procured without violence and 
oppression."...............thomas tryon:..........."show me the enforced laws of 
a state for the prevention of cruelty to animals and i in turn will give you a 
correct estimate of the refinement, enlightenment, integrity and equality of 
that commonwealth's people."......l.t. danshiell............."the wild, cruel 
beast is not behind the bars of the cage. he is in front of it." ......axel 
munthe.............."we consume the carcasses of creatures of like appetites, 
passions and organs as our own, and fill the slaughterhouses daily with screams 
of pain and fear."....robert louis stevenson............."life is life's 
greatest gift. guard the life of another creature as you would your own because 
it is your own. on life's scale of values, the smallest is no less precious to 
the creature that owns it than the largest."......lloyd buggle 
jr.
