





 





home - bastrop apartment leasing




















































skip to main content








toggle navigation





 bastrop apartment leasing
 

home
about
locations
contact
 













home




welcome to bastrop apartment leasing
your online resource for the finest and largest apartment listings throughout morehouse and ouachita parishes, louisiana.










  



sterlington village (sterlington)
apartments 606 and 608 francis avenue sterlington, la 71280




  



evangeline apartments (monroe)
apartments 2907 evangeline monroe, la 71201




  



glenbourne
apartments 1718 glenbourne avenue bastrop, la 71220




  



deerwood
apartments 6027 montgomery avenue bastrop, la 71220




  



hidden oaks
apartments 401 bonner ferry road bastrop, la 71220




  



tanglewood
apartments 10169 boswell street bastrop, la 71220




  



111 & 113 julia st (duplex)
duplex 111 julia street bastrop, la 71220




  



cypress cove  (sterlington)
apartments 120 church street sterlington, la 71280




  



303 & 305 park lane (duplex)
duplex 303 park lane bastrop, la 71220




  



oakwood
apartments 10343 boswell street bastrop, la 71220




  



centennial
apartments 224 west carter avenue bastrop, la 71220




  



jennifer lane apartments (monroe)
apartments 102 jennifer lane monroe, la 71201




  



westridge apts. (west monroe)
apartments 203 westridge drive west monroe, la 71291




  



loop place
apartments 1279 young loop bastrop, la 71220




  



willow bend (mer rouge)
apartments 601 north 22nd street mer rouge, la 71261




  



elmhurst apartments (monroe)
apartments 102 elmhurst circle monroe, la 71201




  



bayou pointe (sterlington)
apartments 2120 old sterlington road sterlington, la 71280




  



pine grove estates
apartments 11943 stella johnston road bastrop, la 71220




  



mary lee
apartments 105 julia street bastrop, la 71220




  



cherrywood
apartments 1621 brendle drive bastrop, la 71220




  



sterlington village (sterlington)
apartments 610 and 612 francis avenue sterlington, la 71280




  



villa fontaine
apartments 6001 montgomery avenue bastrop, la 71220




  



woodhaven apts. (monroe)
apartments 1901 woodhaven drive monroe, la 71201




  



mulberry
apartments 913 mulberry avenue bastrop, la 71220




  



pine grove estates
apartments 11943 stella johnston road bastrop, la 71220




  



heusel drive apartments
apartments 1053 e madison avenue bastrop, la 71220




  



pine woods
apartments 1060 east madison avenue bastrop, la 71220




  



brierwood estates
apartments 8950 cooper lake road bastrop, la 71220




  



saxton arms
apartments 322 west walnut avenue bastrop, la 71220









apartments
we offer a variety of apartment rentals including duplex, triplex, townhouses, and garden apartments.Â  one, two and three-bedroom units are offered in bastrop, sterlington, monroe, and west monroe.







single-family residences
we offer houses varying in sizes from 800 square feet to 1900 square feet located in bastrop and sterlington.









  



1607 glenbourne street
single-family home 1607 glenbourne street bastrop, la 71220




  



509 north avenue
single-family home 509 north avenue bastrop, la 71220




  



207 s. 20th street (mer rouge)
single-family home 207 s 20th street mer rouge, la 71261




  



1509 redbud
single-family home 1509 redbud bastrop, la 71220




  



530 harrington avenue
single-family home 530 harrington avenue bastrop, la 71220




  



10601 oak drive
single-family home 10601 oak drive bastrop, la 71220




  



11961 stella johnston rd
single-family home 11961 stella johnston road bastrop, la 71220




  



1601 cooperlake road
single-family home 1601 cooperlake road bastrop, la 71220




  



902 louisiana lane
single-family home 902 louisiana lane bastrop, la 71220




  



10168 boswell
single-family home 10168 boswell bastrop, la 71220




  



803 mccreight street
single-family home 803 mccreight street bastrop, la 71220




  



308 greenwood
single-family home 308 greenwood bastrop, la 71220




  



417 garfield street
single-family home 417 garfield street bastrop, la 71220




  



205 south cox street
single-family home 205 south cox street bastrop, la 71220




  



409 philly
single-family home 409 philly bastrop, la 71220




  



1136 leavell avenue
single-family home 1136 leavell avenue bastrop, la 71220




  



207 south cox street
single-family home 207 south cox street bastrop, la 71220




  



10633 parkwood drive
single-family home 10633 parkwood drive bastrop, la 71220




  



412 davis rd (sterlington)
single-family home 412 davis road sterlington, la 71280




  



9240 cottonwood drive
single-family home 9240 cottonwood drive bastrop, la 71220




  



109 julia street
single-family home 109 julia street bastrop, la 71220




  



10632 parkwood drive
single-family home 10632 parkwood drive bastrop, la 71220




  



1205 gladney drive
single-family home 1205 gladney drive bastrop, la 71220




  



9272 redwood drive
single-family home 9272 redwood drive bastrop, la 71220




  



10653 parkwood drive
single-family home 10653 parkwood drive bastrop, la 71220




  



11921 stella johnston rd
single-family home 11921 stella johnston road bastrop, la 71220




  



11965 stella johnston rd
single-family home 11965 stella johnston road bastrop, la 71220




  



206 south 16th (mer rouge)
single-family home 206 south 16th street mer rouge, la 71261




  



5762 turpin avenue
single-family home 5762 turpin avenue bastrop, la 71220




  



120 north odom street
single-family home 120 north odom street bastrop, la 71220




  



813 george street
single-family home 813 george street bastrop, la 71220




  



1602 shannon st (monroe)
apartments 1602 shannon street monroe, la 71201




  



1617 cooperlake road
single-family home 1617 cooperlake road bastrop, la 71220




  



1405 cherry ridge rd.
single-family home 1405 cherry ridge road bastrop, la 71220




  



6062 birch
single-family home 6062 birch bastrop, la 71220




  



11963 stella johnston rd
single-family home 11963 stella johnston road bastrop, la 71220




  



620 larche lane
single-family home 620 larche lane bastrop, la 71220




  



1600 shannon st (monroe)
apartments 1600 shannon street monroe, la 71201




  



201 taylor ave (sterlington)
single-family home 201 taylor avenue sterlington, la 71280




  



326 south marable
single-family home 326 south marable bastrop, la 71220




  



5995 jamar
single-family home 5995 jamar bastrop, la 71220




  



9188 tupelo drive
single-family home 9188 tupelo drive bastrop, la 71220




  



209 dalton street
single-family home 209 dalton street bastrop, la 71220




  



5757 naff street
single-family home 5757 naff street bastrop, la 71220




  



11927 stella johnston rd
single-family home 11927 stella johnston road bastrop, la 71220




  



1308 cullen drive
single-family home 1308 cullen drive bastrop, la 71220




  



1605 cooper lake rd.
single-family home 1605 cooper lake road bastrop, la 71220




  



907 colliers lane
single-family home 907 colliers lane bastrop, la 71220




  



700 mccreight street
single-family home 700 mccreight street bastrop, la 71220




  



139 elm street
single-family home 139 elm street bastrop, la 71220




  



802 larche lane
single-family home 802 larche lane bastrop, la 71220




  



1703 jamar
single-family home 1703 jamar bastrop, la 71220




  



1607 richmond avenue
single-family home 1607 richmond avenue bastrop, la 71220




  



10685 shelton road
single-family home 10685 shelton road bastrop, la 71220




  



714 cherry ridge road
single-family home 714 cherry ridge road bastrop, la 71220




  



920 lynwood avenue
single-family home 920 lynwood avenue bastrop, la 71220




  



900 north marable street
single-family home 900 north marable street bastrop, la 71220




  



10672 shelton road
single-family home 10672 shelton road bastrop, la 71220




  



311 morris
single-family home 311 morris bastrop, la 71220




  



101 fairview drive
single-family home 101 fairview drive bastrop, la 71220




  



11920 stella johnston rd
single-family home 11920 stella johnston road bastrop, la 71220




  



1615 jamar
single-family home 1615 jamar bastrop, la 71220




  



1604 shannon st (monroe)
apartments 1604 shannon street monroe, la 71201











other accommodations
our company owns and operates two motels in bastrop. additional information and online reservations are available in their respective websites, accessible by clicking the icons below.
























bastrop apartment leasing
1053 east madison
bastrop, louisiana 71220
(318) 556-3000
info@bastropapartments.com 

 

 









						sparkling					














