





home | dupont

























































brands & products




featured brands


kevlar®
 view all brands
nomex®
 view all brands
corian®
 view all brands
tyvek®
 view all brands
molykote®
 view all brands
great stuff™
 view all brands
styrofoam™
 view all brands
liveo™
 view all brands
view all brands




featured product lines


construction materials
 view all product lines
fabrics, fibers & nonwovens
 view all product lines
packaging materials & solutions
 view all product lines
personal protective equipment
 view all product lines
solar / photovoltaic materials
 view all product lines
medical devices & materials
 view all product lines
water solutions
 view all product lines
electronics & industrial
 view all product lines
adhesives
 view all product lines
view all product lines




featured industries


automotive
 view all industries
building & construction
 view all industries
energy
 view all industries
government & public sector
 view all industries
military, law enforcement & emergency response
 view all industries
packaging & printing
 view all industries
safety & protection
 view all industries
water management
 view all industries
view all industries










n:ow at dupont





about us




 about us
science & innovation
sustainability
our people
our businesses
our values
community impact
diversity, equity & inclusion
awards & recognition
global locations
for investors







newsroom





careers






search


product finder


english














confirm signout


you will be signed out from all sessions



cancel
sign out








 request processing 






back




















dupont announces two technology leaders as dupont laureates

learn more











dupont commits to net-zero emissions by 2050

learn more











dupont announces 2024 lavoisier medal and pedersen award recipients

learn more











  
  
  








dupont 2024 sustainability report 


“at dupont, sustainability is integral to our strategy, embedded in every aspect of our business – from our innovation pipeline, to our manufacturing and supply chains, to how we engage with our people and communities,” said ed breen, dupont executive chairman and chief executive officer. 

view the 2024 sustainability report online  









  
  
  




 {"items":[{"timeofday":"default","htmlmarkup":"<div data-jsclass=\"campaignheaderanimated\" class=\"campaign-component campaign-header-animated \"><div class=\"scene-first\"><img class=\"desktop\" preload-src=\"/content/dam/dupont/amer/us/en/corporate/microsites/now/animated-headers/tyvek/desktop/dupont-landingpage-tyvek-1440x710d-02.png\"/><img class=\"mobile\" preload-src=\"/content/dam/dupont/amer/us/en/corporate/microsites/now/animated-headers/tyvek/mobile/dupont-landingpage-tyvek-375x605m-02.png\"/><div class=\"scene-first--text\"><div class=\"letter item-3\"><div class=\"slider\"></div></div><div class=\"letter item-2\"><div class=\"slider\"><span>n</span></div></div><div class=\"letter separator\"><span>:</span></div><div class=\"letter item-1\"><div class=\"slider\"><span>o</span></div></div><div class=\"letter last item-0\"><div class=\"slider\"><span>w</span></div></div></div><img class=\"mask desktop\" preload-src=\"/content/dam/dupont/amer/us/en/corporate/microsites/now/animated-headers/tyvek/desktop/dupont-landingpage-tyvek-1440x710d-02-mask.png\"/><img class=\"mask mobile\" preload-src=\"/content/dam/dupont/amer/us/en/corporate/microsites/now/animated-headers/tyvek/mobile/dupont-landingpage-tyvek-375x605m-02-mask.png\"/></div><div class=\"scene-second\"><img class=\"desktop\" preload-src=\"/content/dam/dupont/amer/us/en/corporate/microsites/now/animated-headers/tyvek/desktop/dupont-landingpage-tyvek-1440x710d-03.png\"/><img class=\"mobile\" preload-src=\"/content/dam/dupont/amer/us/en/corporate/microsites/now/animated-headers/tyvek/mobile/dupont-landingpage-tyvek-375x605m-03.png\"/><div class=\"scene-second--text\"><span class=\"time\"></span><h2>medical devices you can trust</h2><a href=\"https://www.dupont.com/now/all-about-your-safety.html\" data-analytics=\"link_track\" data-title=\"medical devices you can trust\" class=\"cta-text\">all about your safety<span></span></a></div></div></div>"},{"timeofday":"0600-0759","htmlmarkup":"<div data-jsclass=\"campaignheaderanimated\" class=\"campaign-component campaign-header-animated \"><div class=\"scene-first\"><img class=\"desktop\" preload-src=\"/content/dam/dupont/amer/us/en/corporate/microsites/now/animated-headers/surf/desktop/dupont-landingpage-surf-1440x710d-02.png\"/><img class=\"mobile\" preload-src=\"/content/dam/dupont/amer/us/en/corporate/microsites/now/animated-headers/surf/mobile/dupont-landingpage-surf-375x605m-02.png\"/><div class=\"scene-first--text\"><div class=\"letter item-3\"><div class=\"slider\"></div></div><div class=\"letter item-2\"><div class=\"slider\"><span>n</span></div></div><div class=\"letter separator\"><span>:</span></div><div class=\"letter item-1\"><div class=\"slider\"><span>o</span></div></div><div class=\"letter last item-0\"><div class=\"slider\"><span>w</span></div></div></div><img class=\"mask desktop\" preload-src=\"/content/dam/dupont/amer/us/en/corporate/microsites/now/animated-headers/surf/desktop/dupont-landingpage-surf-1440x710d-02-mask.png\"/><img class=\"mask mobile\" preload-src=\"/content/dam/dupont/amer/us/en/corporate/microsites/now/animated-headers/surf/mobile/dupont-landingpage-surf-375x605m-02-mask.png\"/></div><div class=\"scene-second\"><img class=\"desktop\" preload-src=\"/content/dam/dupont/amer/us/en/corporate/microsites/now/animated-headers/surf/desktop/dupont-landingpage-surf-1440x710d-03.png\"/><img class=\"mobile\" preload-src=\"/content/dam/dupont/amer/us/en/corporate/microsites/now/animated-headers/surf/mobile/dupont-landingpage-surf-375x605m-03.png\"/><div class=\"scene-second--text\"><span class=\"time\"></span><h2>morning surfs made better</h2><a href=\"https://www.dupont.com/now/dupont-in-your-daily-life.html\" data-analytics=\"link_track\" data-title=\"morning surfs made better\" class=\"cta-text\">dupont in your daily life<span></span></a></div></div></div>"},{"timeofday":"0800-0959","htmlmarkup":"<div data-jsclass=\"campaignheaderanimated\" class=\"campaign-component campaign-header-animated \"><div class=\"scene-first\"><img class=\"desktop\" preload-src=\"/content/dam/dupont/amer/us/en/corporate/microsites/now/animated-headers/surf/desktop/dupont-landingpage-surf-1440x710d-02.png\"/><img class=\"mobile\" preload-src=\"/content/dam/dupont/amer/us/en/corporate/microsites/now/animated-headers/surf/mobile/dupont-landingpage-surf-375x605m-02.png\"/><div class=\"scene-first--text\"><div class=\"letter item-3\"><div class=\"slider\"></div></div><div class=\"letter item-2\"><div class=\"slider\"><span>n</span></div></div><div class=\"letter separator\"><span>:</span></div><div class=\"letter item-1\"><div class=\"slider\"><span>o</span></div></div><div class=\"letter last item-0\"><div class=\"slider\"><span>w</span></div></div></div><img class=\"mask desktop\" preload-src=\"/content/dam/dupont/amer/us/en/corporate/microsites/now/animated-headers/surf/desktop/dupont-landingpage-surf-1440x710d-02-mask.png\"/><img class=\"mask mobile\" preload-src=\"/content/dam/dupont/amer/us/en/corporate/microsites/now/animated-headers/surf/mobile/dupont-landingpage-surf-375x605m-02-mask.png\"/></div><div class=\"scene-second\"><img class=\"desktop\" preload-src=\"/content/dam/dupont/amer/us/en/corporate/microsites/now/animated-headers/surf/desktop/dupont-landingpage-surf-1440x710d-03.png\"/><img class=\"mobile\" preload-src=\"/content/dam/dupont/amer/us/en/corporate/microsites/now/animated-headers/surf/mobile/dupont-landingpage-surf-375x605m-03.png\"/><div class=\"scene-second--text\"><span class=\"time\"></span><h2>morning surfs made better</h2><a href=\"https://www.dupont.com/now/dupont-in-your-daily-life.html\" data-analytics=\"link_track\" data-title=\"morning surfs made better\" class=\"cta-text\">dupont in your daily life<span></span></a></div></div></div>"},{"timeofday":"1000-1059","htmlmarkup":"<div data-jsclass=\"campaignheaderanimated\" class=\"campaign-component campaign-header-animated \"><div class=\"scene-first\"><img class=\"desktop\" preload-src=\"/content/dam/dupont/amer/us/en/corporate/microsites/now/animated-headers/ecar/resting-desktop.jpg\"/><img class=\"mobile\" preload-src=\"/content/dam/dupont/amer/us/en/corporate/microsites/now/animated-headers/ecar/resting-mobile.jpg\"/><div class=\"scene-first--text\"><div class=\"letter item-3\"><div class=\"slider\"></div></div><div class=\"letter item-2\"><div class=\"slider\"><span>n</span></div></div><div class=\"letter separator\"><span>:</span></div><div class=\"letter item-1\"><div class=\"slider\"><span>o</span></div></div><div class=\"letter last item-0\"><div class=\"slider\"><span>w</span></div></div></div><img class=\"mask desktop\" preload-src=\"/content/dam/dupont/amer/us/en/corporate/microsites/now/animated-headers/ecar/resting-desktop-mask.png\"/><img class=\"mask mobile\" preload-src=\"/content/dam/dupont/amer/us/en/corporate/microsites/now/animated-headers/ecar/resting-mobile-mask.png\"/></div><div class=\"scene-second\"><img class=\"desktop\" preload-src=\"/content/dam/dupont/amer/us/en/corporate/microsites/now/animated-headers/ecar/final-desktop.jpg\"/><img class=\"mobile\" preload-src=\"/content/dam/dupont/amer/us/en/corporate/microsites/now/animated-headers/ecar/final-mobile.jpg\"/><div class=\"scene-second--text\"><span class=\"time\"></span><h2>electric, autonomous, shared, and connected</h2><a href=\"https://www.dupont.com/now/electrifying-transportation.html\" data-analytics=\"link_track\" data-title=\"electric, autonomous, shared, and connected\" class=\"cta-text\">electrifying transportation<span></span></a></div></div></div>"},{"timeofday":"1100-1259","htmlmarkup":"<div data-jsclass=\"campaignheaderanimated\" class=\"campaign-component campaign-header-animated \"><div class=\"scene-first\"><img class=\"desktop\" preload-src=\"/content/dam/dupont/amer/us/en/corporate/microsites/now/animated-headers/tyvek/desktop/dupont-landingpage-tyvek-1440x710d-02.png\"/><img class=\"mobile\" preload-src=\"/content/dam/dupont/amer/us/en/corporate/microsites/now/animated-headers/tyvek/mobile/dupont-landingpage-tyvek-375x605m-02.png\"/><div class=\"scene-first--text\"><div class=\"letter item-3\"><div class=\"slider\"></div></div><div class=\"letter item-2\"><div class=\"slider\"><span>n</span></div></div><div class=\"letter separator\"><span>:</span></div><div class=\"letter item-1\"><div class=\"slider\"><span>o</span></div></div><div class=\"letter last item-0\"><div class=\"slider\"><span>w</span></div></div></div><img class=\"mask desktop\" preload-src=\"/content/dam/dupont/amer/us/en/corporate/microsites/now/animated-headers/tyvek/desktop/dupont-landingpage-tyvek-1440x710d-02-mask.png\"/><img class=\"mask mobile\" preload-src=\"/content/dam/dupont/amer/us/en/corporate/microsites/now/animated-headers/tyvek/mobile/dupont-landingpage-tyvek-375x605m-02-mask.png\"/></div><div class=\"scene-second\"><img class=\"desktop\" preload-src=\"/content/dam/dupont/amer/us/en/corporate/microsites/now/animated-headers/tyvek/desktop/dupont-landingpage-tyvek-1440x710d-03.png\"/><img class=\"mobile\" preload-src=\"/content/dam/dupont/amer/us/en/corporate/microsites/now/animated-headers/tyvek/mobile/dupont-landingpage-tyvek-375x605m-03.png\"/><div class=\"scene-second--text\"><span class=\"time\"></span><h2>medical devices you can trust</h2><a href=\"https://www.dupont.com/now/all-about-your-safety.html\" data-analytics=\"link_track\" data-title=\"medical devices you can trust\" class=\"cta-text\">all about your safety<span></span></a></div></div></div>"},{"timeofday":"1300-1359","htmlmarkup":"<div data-jsclass=\"campaignheaderanimated\" class=\"campaign-component campaign-header-animated \"><div class=\"scene-first\"><img class=\"desktop\" preload-src=\"/content/dam/dupont/amer/us/en/corporate/microsites/now/animated-headers/nomex/desktop/dupont-landingpage-firefighter-1440x710d-02.png\"/><img class=\"mobile\" preload-src=\"/content/dam/dupont/amer/us/en/corporate/microsites/now/animated-headers/nomex/mobile/dupont-landingpage-firefighter-375x605m-02.png\"/><div class=\"scene-first--text\"><div class=\"letter item-3\"><div class=\"slider\"></div></div><div class=\"letter item-2\"><div class=\"slider\"><span>n</span></div></div><div class=\"letter separator\"><span>:</span></div><div class=\"letter item-1\"><div class=\"slider\"><span>o</span></div></div><div class=\"letter last item-0\"><div class=\"slider\"><span>w</span></div></div></div><img class=\"mask desktop\" preload-src=\"/content/dam/dupont/amer/us/en/corporate/microsites/now/animated-headers/nomex/desktop/dupont-landingpage-firefighter-1440x710d-02-mask.png\"/><img class=\"mask mobile\" preload-src=\"/content/dam/dupont/amer/us/en/corporate/microsites/now/animated-headers/nomex/mobile/dupont-landingpage-firefighter-375x605m-02-mask.png\"/></div><div class=\"scene-second\"><img class=\"desktop\" preload-src=\"/content/dam/dupont/amer/us/en/corporate/microsites/now/animated-headers/nomex/desktop/dupont-landingpage-firefighter-1440x710d-03.png\"/><img class=\"mobile\" preload-src=\"/content/dam/dupont/amer/us/en/corporate/microsites/now/animated-headers/nomex/mobile/dupont-landingpage-firefighter-375x605m-03.png\"/><div class=\"scene-second--text\"><span class=\"time\"></span><h2>letting the brave be brave</h2><a href=\"https://www.dupont.com/now/all-about-your-safety.html\" data-analytics=\"link_track\" data-title=\"letting the brave be brave\" class=\"cta-text\">all about your safety<span></span></a></div></div></div>"},{"timeofday":"1400-1459","htmlmarkup":"<div data-jsclass=\"campaignheaderanimated\" class=\"campaign-component campaign-header-animated \"><div class=\"scene-first\"><img class=\"desktop\" preload-src=\"/content/dam/dupont/amer/us/en/corporate/microsites/now/animated-headers/tyvek/desktop/dupont-landingpage-tyvek-1440x710d-02.png\"/><img class=\"mobile\" preload-src=\"/content/dam/dupont/amer/us/en/corporate/microsites/now/animated-headers/tyvek/mobile/dupont-landingpage-tyvek-375x605m-02.png\"/><div class=\"scene-first--text\"><div class=\"letter item-3\"><div class=\"slider\"></div></div><div class=\"letter item-2\"><div class=\"slider\"><span>n</span></div></div><div class=\"letter separator\"><span>:</span></div><div class=\"letter item-1\"><div class=\"slider\"><span>o</span></div></div><div class=\"letter last item-0\"><div class=\"slider\"><span>w</span></div></div></div><img class=\"mask desktop\" preload-src=\"/content/dam/dupont/amer/us/en/corporate/microsites/now/animated-headers/tyvek/desktop/dupont-landingpage-tyvek-1440x710d-02-mask.png\"/><img class=\"mask mobile\" preload-src=\"/content/dam/dupont/amer/us/en/corporate/microsites/now/animated-headers/tyvek/mobile/dupont-landingpage-tyvek-375x605m-02-mask.png\"/></div><div class=\"scene-second\"><img class=\"desktop\" preload-src=\"/content/dam/dupont/amer/us/en/corporate/microsites/now/animated-headers/tyvek/desktop/dupont-landingpage-tyvek-1440x710d-03.png\"/><img class=\"mobile\" preload-src=\"/content/dam/dupont/amer/us/en/corporate/microsites/now/animated-headers/tyvek/mobile/dupont-landingpage-tyvek-375x605m-03.png\"/><div class=\"scene-second--text\"><span class=\"time\"></span><h2>medical devices you can trust</h2><a href=\"https://www.dupont.com/now/all-about-your-safety.html\" data-analytics=\"link_track\" data-title=\"medical devices you can trust\" class=\"cta-text\">all about your safety<span></span></a></div></div></div>"},{"timeofday":"1500-1559","htmlmarkup":"<div data-jsclass=\"campaignheaderanimated\" class=\"campaign-component campaign-header-animated \"><div class=\"scene-first\"><img class=\"desktop\" preload-src=\"/content/dam/dupont/amer/us/en/corporate/microsites/now/animated-headers/audi-a/desktop/dupont-landingpage-transportation-1440x710d-02.png\"/><img class=\"mobile\" preload-src=\"/content/dam/dupont/amer/us/en/corporate/microsites/now/animated-headers/audi-a/mobile/dupont-landingpage-transportation-375x605m-02.png\"/><div class=\"scene-first--text\"><div class=\"letter item-3\"><div class=\"slider\"></div></div><div class=\"letter item-2\"><div class=\"slider\"><span>n</span></div></div><div class=\"letter separator\"><span>:</span></div><div class=\"letter item-1\"><div class=\"slider\"><span>o</span></div></div><div class=\"letter last item-0\"><div class=\"slider\"><span>w</span></div></div></div><img class=\"mask desktop\" preload-src=\"/content/dam/dupont/amer/us/en/corporate/microsites/now/animated-headers/audi-a/desktop/dupont-landingpage-transportation-1440x710d-02-mask.png\"/><img class=\"mask mobile\" preload-src=\"/content/dam/dupont/amer/us/en/corporate/microsites/now/animated-headers/audi-a/mobile/dupont-landingpage-transportation-375x605m-02-mask.png\"/></div><div class=\"scene-second\"><img class=\"desktop\" preload-src=\"/content/dam/dupont/amer/us/en/corporate/microsites/now/animated-headers/audi-a/desktop/dupont-landingpage-transportation-1440x710d-03.png\"/><img class=\"mobile\" preload-src=\"/content/dam/dupont/amer/us/en/corporate/microsites/now/animated-headers/audi-a/mobile/dupont-landingpage-transportation-375x605m-03.png\"/><div class=\"scene-second--text\"><span class=\"time\"></span><h2>electric, autonomous, shared, and connected</h2><a href=\"https://www.dupont.com/now/electrifying-transportation.html\" data-analytics=\"link_track\" data-title=\"electric, autonomous, shared, and connected\" class=\"cta-text\">electrifying transportation<span></span></a></div></div></div>"},{"timeofday":"1600-1759","htmlmarkup":"<div data-jsclass=\"campaignheaderanimated\" class=\"campaign-component campaign-header-animated \"><div class=\"scene-first\"><img class=\"desktop\" preload-src=\"/content/dam/dupont/amer/us/en/corporate/microsites/now/animated-headers/audi-b/desktop/dupont-landingpage-transportation-1440x710d-02.png\"/><img class=\"mobile\" preload-src=\"/content/dam/dupont/amer/us/en/corporate/microsites/now/animated-headers/audi-b/mobile/dupont-landingpage-transportation-375x605m-02.png\"/><div class=\"scene-first--text\"><div class=\"letter item-3\"><div class=\"slider\"></div></div><div class=\"letter item-2\"><div class=\"slider\"><span>n</span></div></div><div class=\"letter separator\"><span>:</span></div><div class=\"letter item-1\"><div class=\"slider\"><span>o</span></div></div><div class=\"letter last item-0\"><div class=\"slider\"><span>w</span></div></div></div><img class=\"mask desktop\" preload-src=\"/content/dam/dupont/amer/us/en/corporate/microsites/now/animated-headers/audi-b/desktop/dupont-landingpage-transportation-1440x710d-02-mask.png\"/><img class=\"mask mobile\" preload-src=\"/content/dam/dupont/amer/us/en/corporate/microsites/now/animated-headers/audi-b/mobile/dupont-landingpage-transportation-375x605m-02-mask.png\"/></div><div class=\"scene-second\"><img class=\"desktop\" preload-src=\"/content/dam/dupont/amer/us/en/corporate/microsites/now/animated-headers/audi-b/desktop/dupont-landingpage-transportation-1440x710d-03.png\"/><img class=\"mobile\" preload-src=\"/content/dam/dupont/amer/us/en/corporate/microsites/now/animated-headers/audi-b/mobile/dupont-landingpage-transportation-375x605m-03.png\"/><div class=\"scene-second--text\"><span class=\"time\"></span><h2>a cleaner rush hour</h2><a href=\"https://www.dupont.com/now/electrifying-transportation.html\" data-analytics=\"link_track\" data-title=\"a cleaner rush hour\" class=\"cta-text\">electrifying transportation<span></span></a></div></div></div>"},{"timeofday":"1800-1959","htmlmarkup":"<div data-jsclass=\"campaignheaderanimated\" class=\"campaign-component campaign-header-animated \"><div class=\"scene-first\"><img class=\"desktop\" preload-src=\"/content/dam/dupont/amer/us/en/corporate/microsites/now/animated-headers/surf/desktop/dupont-landingpage-surf-1440x710d-02.png\"/><img class=\"mobile\" preload-src=\"/content/dam/dupont/amer/us/en/corporate/microsites/now/animated-headers/surf/mobile/dupont-landingpage-surf-375x605m-02.png\"/><div class=\"scene-first--text\"><div class=\"letter item-3\"><div class=\"slider\"></div></div><div class=\"letter item-2\"><div class=\"slider\"><span>n</span></div></div><div class=\"letter separator\"><span>:</span></div><div class=\"letter item-1\"><div class=\"slider\"><span>o</span></div></div><div class=\"letter last item-0\"><div class=\"slider\"><span>w</span></div></div></div><img class=\"mask desktop\" preload-src=\"/content/dam/dupont/amer/us/en/corporate/microsites/now/animated-headers/surf/desktop/dupont-landingpage-surf-1440x710d-02-mask.png\"/><img class=\"mask mobile\" preload-src=\"/content/dam/dupont/amer/us/en/corporate/microsites/now/animated-headers/surf/mobile/dupont-landingpage-surf-375x605m-02-mask.png\"/></div><div class=\"scene-second\"><img class=\"desktop\" preload-src=\"/content/dam/dupont/amer/us/en/corporate/microsites/now/animated-headers/surf/desktop/dupont-landingpage-surf-1440x710d-03.png\"/><img class=\"mobile\" preload-src=\"/content/dam/dupont/amer/us/en/corporate/microsites/now/animated-headers/surf/mobile/dupont-landingpage-surf-375x605m-03.png\"/><div class=\"scene-second--text\"><span class=\"time\"></span><h2>morning surfs made better</h2><a href=\"https://www.dupont.com/now/dupont-in-your-daily-life.html\" data-analytics=\"link_track\" data-title=\"morning surfs made better\" class=\"cta-text\">dupont in your daily life<span></span></a></div></div></div>"},{"timeofday":"2000-2059","htmlmarkup":"<div data-jsclass=\"campaignheaderanimated\" class=\"campaign-component campaign-header-animated \"><div class=\"scene-first\"><img class=\"desktop\" preload-src=\"/content/dam/dupont/amer/us/en/corporate/microsites/now/animated-headers/nomex/desktop/dupont-landingpage-firefighter-1440x710d-02.png\"/><img class=\"mobile\" preload-src=\"/content/dam/dupont/amer/us/en/corporate/microsites/now/animated-headers/nomex/mobile/dupont-landingpage-firefighter-375x605m-02.png\"/><div class=\"scene-first--text\"><div class=\"letter item-3\"><div class=\"slider\"></div></div><div class=\"letter item-2\"><div class=\"slider\"><span>n</span></div></div><div class=\"letter separator\"><span>:</span></div><div class=\"letter item-1\"><div class=\"slider\"><span>o</span></div></div><div class=\"letter last item-0\"><div class=\"slider\"><span>w</span></div></div></div><img class=\"mask desktop\" preload-src=\"/content/dam/dupont/amer/us/en/corporate/microsites/now/animated-headers/nomex/desktop/dupont-landingpage-firefighter-1440x710d-02-mask.png\"/><img class=\"mask mobile\" preload-src=\"/content/dam/dupont/amer/us/en/corporate/microsites/now/animated-headers/nomex/mobile/dupont-landingpage-firefighter-375x605m-02-mask.png\"/></div><div class=\"scene-second\"><img class=\"desktop\" preload-src=\"/content/dam/dupont/amer/us/en/corporate/microsites/now/animated-headers/nomex/desktop/dupont-landingpage-firefighter-1440x710d-03.png\"/><img class=\"mobile\" preload-src=\"/content/dam/dupont/amer/us/en/corporate/microsites/now/animated-headers/nomex/mobile/dupont-landingpage-firefighter-375x605m-03.png\"/><div class=\"scene-second--text\"><span class=\"time\"></span><h2>letting the brave be brave</h2><a href=\"https://www.dupont.com/now/all-about-your-safety.html\" data-analytics=\"link_track\" data-title=\"letting the brave be brave\" class=\"cta-text\">all about your safety<span></span></a></div></div></div>"},{"timeofday":"2100-0559","htmlmarkup":"<div data-jsclass=\"campaignheaderanimated\" class=\"campaign-component campaign-header-animated \"><div class=\"scene-first\"><img class=\"desktop\" preload-src=\"/content/dam/dupont/amer/us/en/corporate/microsites/now/animated-headers/ecar/resting-desktop.jpg\"/><img class=\"mobile\" preload-src=\"/content/dam/dupont/amer/us/en/corporate/microsites/now/animated-headers/ecar/resting-mobile.jpg\"/><div class=\"scene-first--text\"><div class=\"letter item-3\"><div class=\"slider\"></div></div><div class=\"letter item-2\"><div class=\"slider\"><span>n</span></div></div><div class=\"letter separator\"><span>:</span></div><div class=\"letter item-1\"><div class=\"slider\"><span>o</span></div></div><div class=\"letter last item-0\"><div class=\"slider\"><span>w</span></div></div></div><img class=\"mask desktop\" preload-src=\"/content/dam/dupont/amer/us/en/corporate/microsites/now/animated-headers/ecar/resting-desktop-mask.png\"/><img class=\"mask mobile\" preload-src=\"/content/dam/dupont/amer/us/en/corporate/microsites/now/animated-headers/ecar/resting-mobile-mask.png\"/></div><div class=\"scene-second\"><img class=\"desktop\" preload-src=\"/content/dam/dupont/amer/us/en/corporate/microsites/now/animated-headers/ecar/final-desktop.jpg\"/><img class=\"mobile\" preload-src=\"/content/dam/dupont/amer/us/en/corporate/microsites/now/animated-headers/ecar/final-mobile.jpg\"/><div class=\"scene-second--text\"><span class=\"time\"></span><h2>electric, autonomous, shared, and connected</h2><a href=\"https://www.dupont.com/now/electrifying-transportation.html\" data-analytics=\"link_track\" data-title=\"electric, autonomous, shared, and connected\" class=\"cta-text\">electrifying transportation<span></span></a></div></div></div>"}]}





  
  
  




  
  
  







we make essential innovations the world needs now. 




from protective equipment, to delivering clean water and enabling smarter, faster electronics, see how we use science and innovation to make so many of the things you use every day possible:







  
  
  







what our innovations enable today









electronics


enabling connectivity, smart technologies, and next-generation semiconductor chips and printed circuit boards. 









next generation automotive


transforming mobility by advancing electric vehicles and advanced safety systems.









water


addressing water scarcity with solutions for clean water and sustainable use.









protection


protecting workers and enabling sustainable buildings.









industrial technologies


specialized materials for demanding environments including healthcare, aerospace, defense, and clean energy.










  
  
  





n:ow at dupont

here’s how we’re inventing a better now. right now.








  
  
  













  
  
  








our values


our core values inform every decision we make, every step we take, as we drive toward our purpose to empower the world with the essential innovations to thrive.



learn more  









  
  
  




  
  
  




  
  
  







whether you're looking for our locations, learning about careers, or want to do business with us, start exploring the possibilities below.








  
  
  










browse brands




browse brands
 







browse product lines




browse product lines
 







find a location




find a location
 







learn about careers




learn about careers
 







help center




help center
 







learn about us




learn about us
 







see our science & innovation




see our science & innovation
 








  
  
  







not sure where to start? try our solution finder.


our solution finder can find dupont brands and products to help your company solve its challenges.

get started  







  
  
  









featured brands

kevlar®
nomex®
corian®
tyvek®
molykote®
great stuff™
styrofoam™



our company

about
careers
newsroom
sustainability
global locations
investors


our solutions

product lines
industries
brands
solution finder


support

contact
sds finder
brand licensing
supplier center


ethics & compliance

position statements
ethics hotline
code of conduct














legal notices & terms of use
privacy
site map
accessibility





copyright © 2020 dupont. all right reserved. dupont ™, the dupont oval logo, and all trademarks and service marks denoted with ™,℠,or © are owned by affiliates of dupont de nemours, inc. unless otherwise noted.
















