
















positive thinking quotes


















positive thinking quotes



daily fresh postive quotes, inspirational thoughts and motivational sayings.













tuesday, may 28, 2013







the seed of one positive thought gives fruits of success. 






 

 

 

one positive thought helps in changing the situation totally. when i start experiencing that one positive thought and continue sustaining it, i find that there is a flow of positive energy which changes things. something that seems impossible starts seeming possible. and everything and everyone around start cooperating too. today i will create and sustain a positive thought right in the morning. even if there is a negative situation, i will try and find something positive in it. this will help me create a thought of positivity in spite of the negative situation. once i experience this positive thought by sustaining it, i find that there is a possibility to work on the situation to make it better.



~ brahma kumaris, mt.abu.








posted by



good morning quotes




at

2:11 am



no comments:
  














email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest




labels:
motivational sayings,
positive attitude,
positive change,
positive communication,
positive decisions,
positive feeling quotes,
positive sentences,
positive statements,
positive thinking quotes











friday, may 24, 2013







to finish weaknesses is to get the gift of virtues.....






 



when we make effort to finish any weakness with determination, we automatically get the gift of some virtue. the process of finishing the weakness itself brings out virtues in us. also, the end result may not be the virtue we want, but it is surely some virtue that we obtain. so, it is important to work on removing weaknesses, whether we see visible gain or not. today i will take a firm decision to work on one weakness of mine, which i have been wanting to remove. i will chalk out a plan and begin work on removing it completely. from time to time, i will also revise and review my plan. i will also start appreciating the gift of virtues i am gaining in this process.

 

 

 

~ brahma kumaris, mt.abu.

 

 

 

 





posted by



good morning quotes




at

2:46 am



no comments:
  














email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest




labels:
motivational sayings,
positive attitude,
positive change,
positive communication,
positive decisions,
positive feeling quotes,
positive sentences,
positive statements,
positive thinking quotes











thursday, may 23, 2013







be determined & things will start to be positive !!






 

 

determination is to keep on trying till what i want to achieve, happens. if i am caught up in a maze, i need to try every way there is to come out. if i try one or two ways and give up, there is a likely chance that i will never find my way out. determination brings the power to make things happen, even those things which seem impossible. today i will make a firm promise to myself to take up something that i had always wanted to do. i will tell myself repeatedly that i can do it and will achieve. i will continue to sustain this with the waters of my determination till i see the fruit of it - even if it is one small result.

 

~ brahma kumaris, mt.abu.

 

 

 





posted by



good morning quotes




at

1:40 am



no comments:
  














email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest




labels:
motivational sayings,
positive attitude,
positive change,
positive communication,
positive decisions,
positive feeling quotes,
positive sentences,
positive statements,
positive thinking quotes











wednesday, may 22, 2013







walk & think - the best way to care your body !!






 

 

walk quickly today, not because you are in a hurry, but because you value the exercise for legs and heart. as you walk, allow your thoughts to visit you, but not stay. let them come to pass, and you will be surprised how quickly they become positive, and filled with creative ideas. and paradoxically, if you stay internally aware, you may notice that the quicker you walk, the more your thinking slows down and deepens. walking briskly and positive thinking - that's the simplest way to take care of body and mind. and life was meant to be simple...wasn't it? 

 

~ brahma kumaris, mt.abu.

 

 





posted by



good morning quotes




at

2:51 am



no comments:
  














email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest




labels:
motivational sayings,
positive attitude,
positive change,
positive communication,
positive decisions,
positive feeling quotes,
positive sentences,
positive statements,
positive thinking quotes











tuesday, may 21, 2013







spend some time daily to keep your mind positive !






 

positive thoughts save time. 

 

however hard i try to make plans to save time, unless i make a plan to organize my mind, i will continue to lose precious time with waste or negative thoughts. even not following time schedules creates stress. so instead of focusing on organizing time, i need to save time, by using my thoughts well. today i will keep a check on my thoughts. i will spend at least 15 minutes throughout the day with something that will keep my mind positive. and i will sustain this for a few days so that i start observing the difference it creates.

 

 

~ brahma kumaris, mt.abu.

 






posted by



good morning quotes




at

3:20 am



no comments:
  














email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest




labels:
motivational sayings,
positive attitude,
positive change,
positive communication,
positive decisions,
positive feeling quotes,
positive sentences,
positive statements,
positive thinking quotes











monday, may 20, 2013







be unaffacted & find the best solution.... !!






 

 

the biggest service is to rectify that which has gone wrong.

 

when we see that something goes wrong, instead of getting affected with it, we need to find a way to make the situation better. if we are affected and colored by the negativity, we can do nothing to change it. but if we watch with detachment, we will be able to get the right solution for the problem at hand. in this way, we can help the other person to make the situation better. today i will see every scene that comes my way with detachment. even if something goes wrong, i will make sure i will first check my state of mind if i am able to remain unaffected. i will then find the best possible solution for it.

 

 

~ brahma kumaris, mt.abu.

 





posted by



good morning quotes




at

2:54 am



no comments:
  














email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest




labels:
motivational sayings,
positive attitude,
positive change,
positive communication,
positive decisions,
positive feeling quotes,
positive sentences,
positive statements,
positive thinking quotes











wednesday, june 13, 2012







have faith....fly high !!













like a bird in flight, your purpose in life is to soar high above the world, to seer a course with the wind and enjoy the freedom of flight.





you have the capacity to fly in harmony with the flock and experience the joyous solitude of your own company. 





just have faith in yourself, have faith in life, let go and fly.







~   brahma kumaris, mt.abu.











posted by



good morning quotes




at

2:17 am



2 comments:
  














email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest




labels:
motivational sayings,
positive attitude,
positive change,
positive communication,
positive decisions,
positive feeling quotes,
positive sentences,
positive statements,
positive thinking quotes











monday, june 11, 2012







positive thoughts make our mind contended !










to recognize the inner positivity is to be connected to our divinity. 

when we recognize that we are pure beings with a lot of positivity inside, we are able to tap that inner divinity that lies hidden. negative experiences and influences do colour our inner divinity. but in fact, we would love to be connected to our inner divine virtues and experience positivity under all circumstances. 

whatever i want is what i am. in all my interactions and connections i would love to experience feelings of peace, love and happiness more than anything else. and so that is what i am. when i am connected to what i really want, i am able to experience the divinity within. whenever a negative experience takes me away from the real me, i just need to remind myself of who i really am and what i really want. 



~   brahma kumaris, mt.abu










posted by



good morning quotes




at

6:18 am



no comments:
  














email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest




labels:
be positive,
positive action quotes,
positive affirmations,
positive attitude quotes,
positive behaviour,
positive change,
positive communication











tuesday, june 05, 2012







understand behaviour & take steps towards positivity !!











to be cool is to work to build relationships. 



it is easy to speak negatively when we do not like something about someone. we first react to them in our mind and so tend to get angry. our words and behaviour would then naturally be negative and insulting too. this further widens the gap and breaks the relationship. when someone does something undesired, we first need to try and understand his behaviour. every person has a reason to behave the way he does. if we can’t understand at that time, we at least need to give it time. the more we react to the other person and his behaviour, the greater the distance that is created. so we need to begin the first step of positivity by recognizing some positivity in him. 





~    brahma kumaris, mt.abu











posted by



good morning quotes




at

12:10 am



no comments:
  














email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest




labels:
positive decisions,
positive quotes,
positive sentences,
positive statements,
positive thinking quotes,
positive thoughts,
positive words











monday, june 04, 2012







break from the past & free yourself !!














to pack up from the past is to finish the negative impact of the past. 



we usually find ourselves to be slaves of the past. the situation has occurred and has gone by but we are not able to forgive and forget the past. we continue to think about it again and again. this brings about the same feelings and experience of the past and we are simply caught up in it. we need to free our mind of the past. we need to see what we have learnt from the past situation, take that and be free from it. we need to forgive and forget. we can forget only when we forgive and we can forgive only when we learn. when we take the learning from every situation. we are able to be free from being a slave of the past.





~   brahma kumaris, mt.abu











posted by



good morning quotes




at

12:10 am



no comments:
  














email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest




labels:
be positive,
positive action quotes,
positive affirmations,
positive attitude quotes,
positive behaviour,
positive change,
positive communication











friday, june 01, 2012







be committed ... be positive !!






commitment to the self means to have commitment to remove weaknesses.

commitment for the self means to have the recognition of one's own weakness. it also means to have a clear vision for one's own progress and perfection. this will then create a powerful identity within which will enable us to do away with weaknesses. let this day be committed for removing some weakness within myself that is creating an obstacle for others and myself. when i do this i will help myself and create a positive influence around. then there will be only positive growth.

~   brahma kumaris, mt.abu





posted by



good morning quotes




at

12:10 pm



1 comment:
  














email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest




labels:
be positive,
positive action quotes,
positive affirmations,
positive attitude quotes,
positive behaviour,
positive change,
positive communication











thursday, may 31, 2012












when we're working in a team, we need to make sure that we inform all the details to everyone involved in the task.

the task is easy to accomplish when those involved 
feel part of the team. so, make sure you communicate clearly, simply and openly.

this will naturally create a flow of contributions and 
enable the team to give their best to the task.

~   brahma kumaris, mt.abu






posted by



good morning quotes




at

12:10 am



no comments:
  














email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest




labels:
positive decisions,
positive quotes,
positive sentences,
positive statements,
positive thinking quotes,
positive thoughts,
positive words











wednesday, may 30, 2012







stay calm, give yourself some time !!













some circumstances are just beyond your control. often, all you can do is accept this fact, hang in there, stay calm and do your best.






try to curb your expectations and be understanding of yourself and others. everything else will work out in its own time.









~ brahma kumaris, mt.abu.





















posted by



good morning quotes




at

9:56 am



no comments:
  














email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest




labels:
be positive,
positive action quotes,
positive affirmations,
positive attitude quotes,
positive behaviour,
positive change,
positive communication,
positive decisions,
positive quotes











tuesday, may 29, 2012







interaction helps bring confidence !












the one who knows the art of connecting to others is successful. 



we are normally good to people who are good to us. but when someone is not behaving well, we tend to change our attitude, our response and our behaviour towards that person. we wait for the other person to change, in order to change ourselves. so neither do we find change in others nor in ourselves. when we know the art of perceiving others’ specialities and connecting to them, we are always successful. we are then not dependent on the other person’s behaviour for our own growth. we are able to see each one’s positive aspect and take it in ourselves too. so we are richer with each interaction.







~   brahma kumaris, mt.abu.













posted by



good morning quotes




at

12:10 am



no comments:
  














email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest




labels:
be positive,
positive action quotes,
positive affirmations,
positive attitude,
positive change,
positive communication,
positive decisions,
positive feeling quotes,
positive thoughts,
positive words











monday, may 28, 2012







cooperation helps get bigger goals ...!!












trust wins cooperation. 



if there is the thought that we can do things ourselves without other people’s help, it means that we have arrogance of our own potential or we are not able to have trust for others. this lack of trust doesn’t allow us to use others. potential for the benefit of the task. so we are deprived of a very useful resource and we will not be able to be happy. we need to understand the fact that there is greater success in cooperation. it is much more useful to invest our time and resources in training and developing others’ potential. this brings about the best from people and so there is a greater contribution and hence greater success in every task that we take up.





~   brahma kumaris, mt. abu.













posted by



good morning quotes




at

12:10 am



no comments:
  














email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest




labels:
be positive,
positive action quotes,
positive affirmations,
positive attitude,
positive change,
positive communication,
positive decisions,
positive feeling quotes,
positive thoughts,
positive words













older posts

home




subscribe to:
posts (atom)

















sign up for daily positive quotes

enter your email address: delivered by feedburner




our blog followers











make a donation










subscribe blog feeds






interesting sites


self help mantra
online tattoo translations
weekend getaways for happy life




blog pages



positive quotes


about us






subscribe to







posts










                  atom
                










posts












all comments










                  atom
                










all comments





















most popular quotes


get daily motivational & inspirational messages
happy valentine day. special love messages
famous christmas quotes, xmas inspirational messages
easy christmas recipes, free xmas recipes and xmas special cookies




ever green blogs :-)


lord krishna consciousness
the science of life & the art of living - satguru shri wamanrao pai
the brahma kumaris
the art of living - shri shri ravi shankar
positive thinking quotes
special christmas recipes, xmas cookies
merry christmas quotes, xmas stories
fresh beautiful flowers to make you happy
love quotes, poems, romantic quotations
friendship quotes, messages, friends stories
famous good morning quote and poems
positive attitude quotes, sayings, thoughts
landscape oil paintings, stock images, posters
positive mantra for successful relationship




blog archive








        ▼ 
      



2013

(6)





        ▼ 
      



05/26 - 06/02

(1)

the seed of one positive thought gives fruits of s...








        ► 
      



05/19 - 05/26

(5)









        ► 
      



2012

(74)





        ► 
      



06/10 - 06/17

(2)







        ► 
      



06/03 - 06/10

(2)







        ► 
      



05/27 - 06/03

(5)







        ► 
      



04/29 - 05/06

(5)







        ► 
      



04/22 - 04/29

(5)







        ► 
      



04/15 - 04/22

(4)







        ► 
      



04/08 - 04/15

(4)







        ► 
      



04/01 - 04/08

(3)







        ► 
      



03/25 - 04/01

(5)







        ► 
      



03/18 - 03/25

(4)







        ► 
      



03/11 - 03/18

(4)







        ► 
      



03/04 - 03/11

(3)







        ► 
      



02/26 - 03/04

(3)







        ► 
      



02/19 - 02/26

(2)







        ► 
      



02/12 - 02/19

(4)







        ► 
      



02/05 - 02/12

(4)







        ► 
      



01/29 - 02/05

(3)







        ► 
      



01/22 - 01/29

(3)







        ► 
      



01/08 - 01/15

(4)







        ► 
      



01/01 - 01/08

(5)









        ► 
      



2011

(236)





        ► 
      



12/25 - 01/01

(3)







        ► 
      



12/18 - 12/25

(3)







        ► 
      



12/11 - 12/18

(5)







        ► 
      



12/04 - 12/11

(5)







        ► 
      



11/27 - 12/04

(4)







        ► 
      



11/20 - 11/27

(5)







        ► 
      



11/13 - 11/20

(5)







        ► 
      



11/06 - 11/13

(5)







        ► 
      



10/30 - 11/06

(4)







        ► 
      



10/23 - 10/30

(3)







        ► 
      



10/16 - 10/23

(5)







        ► 
      



10/09 - 10/16

(4)







        ► 
      



10/02 - 10/09

(3)







        ► 
      



09/25 - 10/02

(5)







        ► 
      



09/18 - 09/25

(5)







        ► 
      



09/11 - 09/18

(4)







        ► 
      



09/04 - 09/11

(4)







        ► 
      



08/28 - 09/04

(5)







        ► 
      



08/21 - 08/28

(4)







        ► 
      



08/14 - 08/21

(5)







        ► 
      



08/07 - 08/14

(5)







        ► 
      



07/31 - 08/07

(4)







        ► 
      



07/24 - 07/31

(4)







        ► 
      



07/17 - 07/24

(5)







        ► 
      



07/10 - 07/17

(5)







        ► 
      



07/03 - 07/10

(5)







        ► 
      



06/26 - 07/03

(4)







        ► 
      



06/19 - 06/26

(5)







        ► 
      



06/12 - 06/19

(5)







        ► 
      



06/05 - 06/12

(5)







        ► 
      



05/29 - 06/05

(5)







        ► 
      



05/22 - 05/29

(5)







        ► 
      



05/15 - 05/22

(5)







        ► 
      



05/08 - 05/15

(4)







        ► 
      



05/01 - 05/08

(4)







        ► 
      



04/24 - 05/01

(5)







        ► 
      



04/17 - 04/24

(5)







        ► 
      



04/10 - 04/17

(4)







        ► 
      



04/03 - 04/10

(5)







        ► 
      



03/27 - 04/03

(5)







        ► 
      



03/20 - 03/27

(5)







        ► 
      



03/13 - 03/20

(5)







        ► 
      



03/06 - 03/13

(5)







        ► 
      



02/27 - 03/06

(5)







        ► 
      



02/20 - 02/27

(4)







        ► 
      



02/13 - 02/20

(4)







        ► 
      



02/06 - 02/13

(4)







        ► 
      



01/30 - 02/06

(5)







        ► 
      



01/23 - 01/30

(5)







        ► 
      



01/16 - 01/23

(4)







        ► 
      



01/09 - 01/16

(5)







        ► 
      



01/02 - 01/09

(5)









        ► 
      



2010

(229)





        ► 
      



12/26 - 01/02

(5)







        ► 
      



12/12 - 12/19

(3)







        ► 
      



12/05 - 12/12

(5)







        ► 
      



11/28 - 12/05

(1)







        ► 
      



11/21 - 11/28

(5)







        ► 
      



11/14 - 11/21

(4)







        ► 
      



11/07 - 11/14

(2)







        ► 
      



10/31 - 11/07

(2)







        ► 
      



10/24 - 10/31

(5)







        ► 
      



10/17 - 10/24

(5)







        ► 
      



10/10 - 10/17

(5)







        ► 
      



09/26 - 10/03

(5)







        ► 
      



09/19 - 09/26

(5)







        ► 
      



09/12 - 09/19

(3)







        ► 
      



09/05 - 09/12

(5)







        ► 
      



08/29 - 09/05

(5)







        ► 
      



08/22 - 08/29

(5)







        ► 
      



08/15 - 08/22

(4)







        ► 
      



08/08 - 08/15

(5)







        ► 
      



08/01 - 08/08

(5)







        ► 
      



07/25 - 08/01

(5)







        ► 
      



07/18 - 07/25

(5)







        ► 
      



07/11 - 07/18

(5)







        ► 
      



07/04 - 07/11

(3)







        ► 
      



06/27 - 07/04

(5)







        ► 
      



06/20 - 06/27

(5)







        ► 
      



06/13 - 06/20

(1)







        ► 
      



06/06 - 06/13

(5)







        ► 
      



05/30 - 06/06

(5)







        ► 
      



05/23 - 05/30

(5)







        ► 
      



05/16 - 05/23

(5)







        ► 
      



05/09 - 05/16

(5)







        ► 
      



05/02 - 05/09

(1)







        ► 
      



04/25 - 05/02

(4)







        ► 
      



04/18 - 04/25

(5)







        ► 
      



04/11 - 04/18

(5)







        ► 
      



04/04 - 04/11

(5)







        ► 
      



03/28 - 04/04

(5)







        ► 
      



03/21 - 03/28

(5)







        ► 
      



03/14 - 03/21

(5)







        ► 
      



03/07 - 03/14

(5)







        ► 
      



02/28 - 03/07

(5)







        ► 
      



02/21 - 02/28

(6)







        ► 
      



02/14 - 02/21

(7)







        ► 
      



02/07 - 02/14

(7)







        ► 
      



01/31 - 02/07

(6)







        ► 
      



01/24 - 01/31

(4)







        ► 
      



01/17 - 01/24

(7)







        ► 
      



01/10 - 01/17

(6)







        ► 
      



01/03 - 01/10

(3)









        ► 
      



2009

(210)





        ► 
      



12/27 - 01/03

(3)







        ► 
      



12/20 - 12/27

(3)







        ► 
      



12/13 - 12/20

(4)







        ► 
      



12/06 - 12/13

(5)







        ► 
      



11/29 - 12/06

(4)







        ► 
      



11/22 - 11/29

(4)







        ► 
      



11/15 - 11/22

(4)







        ► 
      



11/08 - 11/15

(5)







        ► 
      



11/01 - 11/08

(4)







        ► 
      



10/25 - 11/01

(5)







        ► 
      



10/18 - 10/25

(4)







        ► 
      



10/11 - 10/18

(3)







        ► 
      



10/04 - 10/11

(5)







        ► 
      



09/27 - 10/04

(3)







        ► 
      



09/20 - 09/27

(5)







        ► 
      



09/13 - 09/20

(5)







        ► 
      



09/06 - 09/13

(4)







        ► 
      



08/30 - 09/06

(5)







        ► 
      



08/23 - 08/30

(5)







        ► 
      



08/16 - 08/23

(5)







        ► 
      



08/09 - 08/16

(4)







        ► 
      



08/02 - 08/09

(4)







        ► 
      



07/26 - 08/02

(4)







        ► 
      



07/19 - 07/26

(4)







        ► 
      



07/12 - 07/19

(5)







        ► 
      



07/05 - 07/12

(5)







        ► 
      



06/28 - 07/05

(5)







        ► 
      



06/21 - 06/28

(5)







        ► 
      



06/14 - 06/21

(3)







        ► 
      



06/07 - 06/14

(4)







        ► 
      



05/31 - 06/07

(4)







        ► 
      



05/24 - 05/31

(2)







        ► 
      



05/17 - 05/24

(5)







        ► 
      



05/10 - 05/17

(5)







        ► 
      



05/03 - 05/10

(4)







        ► 
      



04/26 - 05/03

(4)







        ► 
      



04/12 - 04/19

(4)







        ► 
      



04/05 - 04/12

(3)







        ► 
      



03/29 - 04/05

(3)







        ► 
      



03/22 - 03/29

(3)







        ► 
      



03/15 - 03/22

(4)







        ► 
      



03/08 - 03/15

(4)







        ► 
      



03/01 - 03/08

(5)







        ► 
      



02/22 - 03/01

(4)







        ► 
      



02/15 - 02/22

(4)







        ► 
      



02/08 - 02/15

(5)







        ► 
      



02/01 - 02/08

(3)







        ► 
      



01/25 - 02/01

(4)







        ► 
      



01/18 - 01/25

(4)







        ► 
      



01/11 - 01/18

(3)







        ► 
      



01/04 - 01/11

(5)









        ► 
      



2008

(212)





        ► 
      



12/28 - 01/04

(2)







        ► 
      



12/21 - 12/28

(3)







        ► 
      



12/14 - 12/21

(5)







        ► 
      



12/07 - 12/14

(4)







        ► 
      



11/30 - 12/07

(5)







        ► 
      



11/23 - 11/30

(4)







        ► 
      



11/16 - 11/23

(5)







        ► 
      



11/09 - 11/16

(3)







        ► 
      



11/02 - 11/09

(6)







        ► 
      



10/26 - 11/02

(3)







        ► 
      



10/19 - 10/26

(4)







        ► 
      



10/12 - 10/19

(5)







        ► 
      



10/05 - 10/12

(3)







        ► 
      



09/28 - 10/05

(4)







        ► 
      



09/21 - 09/28

(4)







        ► 
      



09/14 - 09/21

(4)







        ► 
      



09/07 - 09/14

(5)







        ► 
      



08/31 - 09/07

(5)







        ► 
      



08/24 - 08/31

(5)







        ► 
      



08/17 - 08/24

(3)







        ► 
      



08/10 - 08/17

(4)







        ► 
      



08/03 - 08/10

(5)







        ► 
      



07/27 - 08/03

(5)







        ► 
      



07/20 - 07/27

(4)







        ► 
      



07/13 - 07/20

(5)







        ► 
      



07/06 - 07/13

(2)







        ► 
      



06/29 - 07/06

(6)







        ► 
      



06/22 - 06/29

(5)







        ► 
      



06/15 - 06/22

(4)







        ► 
      



06/08 - 06/15

(5)







        ► 
      



06/01 - 06/08

(4)







        ► 
      



05/25 - 06/01

(4)







        ► 
      



05/18 - 05/25

(5)







        ► 
      



05/11 - 05/18

(4)







        ► 
      



05/04 - 05/11

(5)







        ► 
      



04/27 - 05/04

(2)







        ► 
      



04/20 - 04/27

(2)







        ► 
      



04/13 - 04/20

(4)







        ► 
      



04/06 - 04/13

(3)







        ► 
      



03/30 - 04/06

(5)







        ► 
      



03/23 - 03/30

(4)







        ► 
      



03/16 - 03/23

(4)







        ► 
      



03/09 - 03/16

(5)







        ► 
      



03/02 - 03/09

(4)







        ► 
      



02/24 - 03/02

(3)







        ► 
      



02/17 - 02/24

(3)







        ► 
      



02/10 - 02/17

(4)







        ► 
      



02/03 - 02/10

(5)







        ► 
      



01/27 - 02/03

(4)







        ► 
      



01/20 - 01/27

(4)







        ► 
      



01/13 - 01/20

(3)







        ► 
      



01/06 - 01/13

(4)









        ► 
      



2007

(228)





        ► 
      



12/30 - 01/06

(3)







        ► 
      



12/23 - 12/30

(1)







        ► 
      



12/16 - 12/23

(6)







        ► 
      



12/09 - 12/16

(5)







        ► 
      



12/02 - 12/09

(4)







        ► 
      



11/25 - 12/02

(6)







        ► 
      



11/18 - 11/25

(5)







        ► 
      



11/11 - 11/18

(4)







        ► 
      



11/04 - 11/11

(2)







        ► 
      



10/28 - 11/04

(4)







        ► 
      



10/21 - 10/28

(2)







        ► 
      



10/14 - 10/21

(5)







        ► 
      



10/07 - 10/14

(6)







        ► 
      



09/30 - 10/07

(4)







        ► 
      



09/23 - 09/30

(5)







        ► 
      



09/16 - 09/23

(3)







        ► 
      



09/09 - 09/16

(6)







        ► 
      



09/02 - 09/09

(3)







        ► 
      



08/26 - 09/02

(6)







        ► 
      



08/19 - 08/26

(5)







        ► 
      



08/12 - 08/19

(4)







        ► 
      



08/05 - 08/12

(6)







        ► 
      



07/29 - 08/05

(6)







        ► 
      



07/22 - 07/29

(6)







        ► 
      



07/15 - 07/22

(6)







        ► 
      



07/08 - 07/15

(5)







        ► 
      



07/01 - 07/08

(2)







        ► 
      



06/24 - 07/01

(5)







        ► 
      



06/17 - 06/24

(4)







        ► 
      



06/10 - 06/17

(5)







        ► 
      



06/03 - 06/10

(5)







        ► 
      



05/13 - 05/20

(4)







        ► 
      



05/06 - 05/13

(4)







        ► 
      



04/29 - 05/06

(6)







        ► 
      



04/22 - 04/29

(3)







        ► 
      



04/15 - 04/22

(3)







        ► 
      



04/08 - 04/15

(3)







        ► 
      



04/01 - 04/08

(7)







        ► 
      



03/25 - 04/01

(4)







        ► 
      



03/18 - 03/25

(5)







        ► 
      



03/11 - 03/18

(5)







        ► 
      



03/04 - 03/11

(5)







        ► 
      



02/25 - 03/04

(4)







        ► 
      



02/18 - 02/25

(3)







        ► 
      



02/11 - 02/18

(6)







        ► 
      



02/04 - 02/11

(5)







        ► 
      



01/28 - 02/04

(5)







        ► 
      



01/21 - 01/28

(5)







        ► 
      



01/14 - 01/21

(7)







        ► 
      



01/07 - 01/14

(5)









        ► 
      



2006

(292)





        ► 
      



12/31 - 01/07

(4)







        ► 
      



12/24 - 12/31

(3)







        ► 
      



12/17 - 12/24

(6)







        ► 
      



12/10 - 12/17

(6)







        ► 
      



12/03 - 12/10

(6)







        ► 
      



11/26 - 12/03

(7)







        ► 
      



11/19 - 11/26

(5)







        ► 
      



11/12 - 11/19

(5)







        ► 
      



11/05 - 11/12

(4)







        ► 
      



10/29 - 11/05

(3)







        ► 
      



10/22 - 10/29

(7)







        ► 
      



10/15 - 10/22

(6)







        ► 
      



10/08 - 10/15

(6)







        ► 
      



10/01 - 10/08

(6)







        ► 
      



09/24 - 10/01

(5)







        ► 
      



09/17 - 09/24

(6)







        ► 
      



09/10 - 09/17

(7)







        ► 
      



09/03 - 09/10

(5)







        ► 
      



08/27 - 09/03

(5)







        ► 
      



08/20 - 08/27

(6)







        ► 
      



08/13 - 08/20

(5)







        ► 
      



08/06 - 08/13

(6)







        ► 
      



07/30 - 08/06

(6)







        ► 
      



07/23 - 07/30

(6)







        ► 
      



07/16 - 07/23

(6)







        ► 
      



07/09 - 07/16

(5)







        ► 
      



07/02 - 07/09

(5)







        ► 
      



06/25 - 07/02

(5)







        ► 
      



06/18 - 06/25

(5)







        ► 
      



06/11 - 06/18

(6)







        ► 
      



06/04 - 06/11

(6)







        ► 
      



05/28 - 06/04

(5)







        ► 
      



05/21 - 05/28

(5)







        ► 
      



05/14 - 05/21

(6)







        ► 
      



05/07 - 05/14

(6)







        ► 
      



04/30 - 05/07

(6)







        ► 
      



04/23 - 04/30

(4)







        ► 
      



04/16 - 04/23

(6)







        ► 
      



04/09 - 04/16

(5)







        ► 
      



04/02 - 04/09

(5)







        ► 
      



03/26 - 04/02

(6)







        ► 
      



03/19 - 03/26

(7)







        ► 
      



03/12 - 03/19

(6)







        ► 
      



03/05 - 03/12

(5)







        ► 
      



02/26 - 03/05

(6)







        ► 
      



02/19 - 02/26

(5)







        ► 
      



02/12 - 02/19

(5)







        ► 
      



02/05 - 02/12

(6)







        ► 
      



01/29 - 02/05

(6)







        ► 
      



01/22 - 01/29

(6)







        ► 
      



01/15 - 01/22

(6)







        ► 
      



01/08 - 01/15

(5)







        ► 
      



01/01 - 01/08

(6)









        ► 
      



2005

(298)





        ► 
      



12/25 - 01/01

(6)







        ► 
      



12/18 - 12/25

(6)







        ► 
      



12/11 - 12/18

(5)







        ► 
      



12/04 - 12/11

(5)







        ► 
      



11/27 - 12/04

(7)







        ► 
      



11/20 - 11/27

(7)







        ► 
      



11/13 - 11/20

(7)







        ► 
      



11/06 - 11/13

(6)







        ► 
      



10/30 - 11/06

(6)







        ► 
      



10/23 - 10/30

(5)







        ► 
      



10/16 - 10/23

(6)







        ► 
      



10/09 - 10/16

(6)







        ► 
      



10/02 - 10/09

(7)







        ► 
      



09/25 - 10/02

(5)







        ► 
      



09/18 - 09/25

(6)







        ► 
      



09/11 - 09/18

(6)







        ► 
      



09/04 - 09/11

(6)







        ► 
      



08/28 - 09/04

(7)







        ► 
      



08/21 - 08/28

(4)







        ► 
      



08/14 - 08/21

(6)







        ► 
      



08/07 - 08/14

(6)







        ► 
      



07/31 - 08/07

(7)







        ► 
      



07/24 - 07/31

(4)







        ► 
      



07/17 - 07/24

(5)







        ► 
      



07/10 - 07/17

(7)







        ► 
      



07/03 - 07/10

(5)







        ► 
      



06/26 - 07/03

(7)







        ► 
      



06/19 - 06/26

(6)







        ► 
      



06/12 - 06/19

(1)







        ► 
      



06/05 - 06/12

(6)







        ► 
      



05/29 - 06/05

(6)







        ► 
      



05/22 - 05/29

(5)







        ► 
      



05/15 - 05/22

(6)







        ► 
      



05/08 - 05/15

(6)







        ► 
      



05/01 - 05/08

(6)







        ► 
      



04/24 - 05/01

(6)







        ► 
      



04/17 - 04/24

(6)







        ► 
      



04/10 - 04/17

(6)







        ► 
      



04/03 - 04/10

(5)







        ► 
      



03/27 - 04/03

(7)







        ► 
      



03/20 - 03/27

(7)







        ► 
      



03/13 - 03/20

(6)







        ► 
      



03/06 - 03/13

(5)







        ► 
      



02/27 - 03/06

(6)







        ► 
      



02/20 - 02/27

(4)







        ► 
      



02/13 - 02/20

(3)







        ► 
      



02/06 - 02/13

(8)







        ► 
      



01/30 - 02/06

(5)







        ► 
      



01/23 - 01/30

(7)







        ► 
      



01/16 - 01/23

(5)







        ► 
      



01/09 - 01/16

(4)







        ► 
      



01/02 - 01/09

(6)









        ► 
      



2004

(218)





        ► 
      



12/26 - 01/02

(2)







        ► 
      



12/12 - 12/19

(2)







        ► 
      



12/05 - 12/12

(4)







        ► 
      



11/28 - 12/05

(2)







        ► 
      



11/21 - 11/28

(1)







        ► 
      



11/14 - 11/21

(3)







        ► 
      



11/07 - 11/14

(2)







        ► 
      



10/31 - 11/07

(5)







        ► 
      



10/24 - 10/31

(7)







        ► 
      



10/17 - 10/24

(5)







        ► 
      



10/10 - 10/17

(7)







        ► 
      



10/03 - 10/10

(4)







        ► 
      



09/26 - 10/03

(2)







        ► 
      



09/19 - 09/26

(1)







        ► 
      



09/12 - 09/19

(1)







        ► 
      



08/29 - 09/05

(1)







        ► 
      



08/22 - 08/29

(3)







        ► 
      



08/15 - 08/22

(2)







        ► 
      



08/08 - 08/15

(5)







        ► 
      



08/01 - 08/08

(6)







        ► 
      



07/25 - 08/01

(4)







        ► 
      



07/18 - 07/25

(6)







        ► 
      



07/11 - 07/18

(7)







        ► 
      



07/04 - 07/11

(6)







        ► 
      



06/27 - 07/04

(6)







        ► 
      



06/20 - 06/27

(5)







        ► 
      



06/13 - 06/20

(4)







        ► 
      



06/06 - 06/13

(8)







        ► 
      



05/30 - 06/06

(4)







        ► 
      



05/23 - 05/30

(6)







        ► 
      



05/16 - 05/23

(5)







        ► 
      



05/09 - 05/16

(7)







        ► 
      



05/02 - 05/09

(4)







        ► 
      



04/25 - 05/02

(5)







        ► 
      



04/18 - 04/25

(5)







        ► 
      



04/11 - 04/18

(5)







        ► 
      



04/04 - 04/11

(5)







        ► 
      



03/28 - 04/04

(6)







        ► 
      



03/21 - 03/28

(4)







        ► 
      



03/14 - 03/21

(7)







        ► 
      



03/07 - 03/14

(7)







        ► 
      



02/29 - 03/07

(7)







        ► 
      



02/22 - 02/29

(11)







        ► 
      



02/15 - 02/22

(14)







        ► 
      



02/08 - 02/15

(5)









related resource


famous quotes
happy living tips
diet weight control blog
osho discourses, teachings, quotes
family
health tips, technics to be positive
love is in the air!




people behind this blog





good morning quotes


web vision team - it's a team of 4 happy people.

that's milind, who gives tips and ideas to grow this blog time to time.

mayura, our main content manager, salute to her sincerity.

jagruti, helps greatly in designing our blog. her navigation tips helped us lot to make this blog user-friendly.

jay, hummm trying to promote this blog, hope he is successful, that's the reason you are here and reading this blog :-)

view my complete profile



how to contact us

we love to receive visitors feedback, suggestion and comments. please contact us on [webvisionglobal at gmail dot com].












self realization positive thinking quotes
join | 
list | 
previous | 
next | 
random |
previous 5 | 
next 5 | 
skip previous | 
skip next
powered by ringsurf
























interra

      [ prev
      | skip
      prev | prev
      5 | list
      | stats
join
      | rand
      | next
      5 | skip
      next | next
      ]
powered by ringsurf!






positive path netringa community of web sites with positive ideas to aid personal productivity, success and happiness.[ previous | next ] [ random site | list all sites ] [ join ]









disclaimer


the quotes offered on this blog is for information purposes only. our main purpose is to spread positive thinking, give inspiration to our visitors, and motivate readers through positive quotes. if we are infringing on anyone's copyright, please contact us by sending email on [webvisionglobal at gmail dot com]. we will either remove the material or give credit to the deserving party.


privacy policy


the privacy of our users is important to us. we do not "cookie" or collect any information on users. we do not resell or in any way distribute or share the names and or email addresses of people who subscribe to receive our positive quotes.

our aim is to maintain a long term, respectful and beneficial relationship with our subscribers and readers. if we abuse them, we abuse our relationship.









