




 



home - stereo optical










































































 












































(773) 867-0380
contact us










home
company


about us
news & promotions
events
testimonials
terms and conditions
product registration
service & support
contact us


products


vision screeners

 optec 5000/5000p
optec 5500/5500p
optec 5000pg rehab
functional vision analyzer
optec 1000p
optec 2300 armed forces
waggoner ccvt software


screening and test slides

 slide packages 5000 series

 ophthalmic prescreening
michigan preschool
h.o.t.v.
driver rehab slides
industrial
international
patti pic slide package


individual 5000 series
test slides 1000p


stereotests & color tests

 original stereo fly
randot
butterfly
random dot “e”
randot preschool
distance randot
original/special randot
stereo fly lea
randot lea
butterfly lea
polarized viewers
original ishihara color


vectograms & scr. cards

 nearpoint cards

 vectographic reading
borish vectographic ii


projector slides

 acuity astigmatism
adult acuity
child acuity
family practice
multi-acuity
acuity vergence


vectographic slides

 adult vectographic*
child vectographic*
adult vectographic
pediatric vectographic


vectograms


accessories & supplies

 accessories
stereotest viewers
supplies




clinical use


children’s vision

 amblyopia
strabismus
refractive errors


color deficiency
sports vision
adults 40 plus

 cataracts
diabetic retinopathy
glaucoma
macular degeneration




customers


eye care (office)
medical practice
hospital and research
school/public health
driver rehabilitation
occupational health
government


marketing


ads
brochures
videos
manuals
slide packages
slide pkg instructions
record forms
score keys


store


search for:














 
skip to content
home
company


about us
news & promotions
events
testimonials
terms and conditions
product registration
service & support
contact us


products


vision screeners

 optec 5000/5000p
optec 5500/5500p
optec 5000pg rehab
functional vision analyzer
optec 1000p
optec 2300 armed forces
waggoner ccvt software


screening and test slides

 slide packages 5000 series

 ophthalmic prescreening
michigan preschool
h.o.t.v.
driver rehab slides
industrial
international
patti pic slide package


individual 5000 series
test slides 1000p


stereotests & color tests

 original stereo fly
randot
butterfly
random dot “e”
randot preschool
distance randot
original/special randot
stereo fly lea
randot lea
butterfly lea
polarized viewers
original ishihara color


vectograms & scr. cards

 nearpoint cards

 vectographic reading
borish vectographic ii


projector slides

 acuity astigmatism
adult acuity
child acuity
family practice
multi-acuity
acuity vergence


vectographic slides

 adult vectographic*
child vectographic*
adult vectographic
pediatric vectographic


vectograms


accessories & supplies

 accessories
stereotest viewers
supplies




clinical use


children’s vision

 amblyopia
strabismus
refractive errors


color deficiency
sports vision
adults 40 plus

 cataracts
diabetic retinopathy
glaucoma
macular degeneration




customers


eye care (office)
medical practice
hospital and research
school/public health
driver rehabilitation
occupational health
government


marketing


ads
brochures
videos
manuals
slide packages
slide pkg instructions
record forms
score keys


store


search for:




 




gold standard in vision screeningsfor ecps in private practices and retail settinginnovative and user-friendly vision screening toolsfor schools and public health sectorvisual contrast and glare sensitivity testing productsfor occupational therapy, driver rehabilitationpractices & va hospitalsvision screening and monitoringacross industriesfor employee screening and occupational healthefficient and cost-effective method to identifychildren with visual impairment and eye conditions




distributors wanted


we are seeking global distributors of our products.                              please contact us to discuss this exciting opportunity.


our solutions








vision screening equipment










screening and test slides










stereotests and color tests










vectograms & screening cards










accessories and supplies


newsroom




aohp 2024

stereo optical product catalog

aohc 2024

vision expo east 2023 free pass
1
2
3
4
›
 



 












companyabout us
news & promotions
events
testimonials
terms and conditions
product registration
service & support
contact us
productsvision screeners
screening and test slides
stereotests & color tests
vectograms & screening cards
accessories & supplies
marketing materialsads
brochures
videos
manuals
slide packages
slide package instructions
record forms
score keys
follow us 













 © 2024 stereo optical company inc.






top
 
 
 




x

 











































