









specializing in western chic decor | brumbaugh's furniture & design

































































































































skip to content











skip to content








 









cowtown collection 2024
elizabeth collection
jason scott collection
contact
about

our story
current advertisements
blog


my account
 

 

cowtown collection 2024
elizabeth collection
jason scott collection
contact
about

our story
current advertisements
blog


my account
 





living room
dining room
bedroom
office
outdoor
rugs & carpet
art
accessories
inspiration

northwestern ranch
modern ranch
central guest house
window to the west

horse sense collection




 

 

living room
dining room
bedroom
office
outdoor
rugs & carpet
art
accessories
inspiration

northwestern ranch
modern ranch
central guest house
window to the west

horse sense collection




 





 

living room
dining room
office
bedroom
outdoor
rugs & carpet
the elizabeth collection
jason scott collection
accessories
art
inspiration

window to the west

horse sense collection


modern ranch
northwestern ranch
central guest house


blog
our story
contact
media
cowtown collection 2024
my account
 











 

search


 













 














 









cowtown collection 2024
elizabeth collection
jason scott collection
contact
about

our story
current advertisements
blog


my account
 

 

cowtown collection 2024
elizabeth collection
jason scott collection
contact
about

our story
current advertisements
blog


my account
 





living room
dining room
bedroom
office
outdoor
rugs & carpet
art
accessories
inspiration

northwestern ranch
modern ranch
central guest house
window to the west

horse sense collection




 

 

living room
dining room
bedroom
office
outdoor
rugs & carpet
art
accessories
inspiration

northwestern ranch
modern ranch
central guest house
window to the west

horse sense collection




 





 

living room
dining room
office
bedroom
outdoor
rugs & carpet
the elizabeth collection
jason scott collection
accessories
art
inspiration

window to the west

horse sense collection


modern ranch
northwestern ranch
central guest house


blog
our story
contact
media
cowtown collection 2024
my account
 











 

search


 













 



















bringing the elegance of timeless tradition to your home. 














shop online



























shop 



the 



look 





 









get inspired with a "window to the west" 



horse sense collection 



take a look at one of our latest installs in collaboration with teton ridge and get inspired on how to give your home the brumbaugh’s look. 






shop the look




















shop 



the 



look 





 









find inspiration for your home. 



northwestern ranch 



take a look at one of our latest installs and get inspired on how to give your home the brumbaugh’s look. 






shop the look




















shop 



the 



look 





 









discover a modern take on timeless classics. 



modern ranch 



take a look at one of our latest installs and get inspired on how to give your home the brumbaugh’s look. 






shop the look




















shop 



the 



look 





 









let the home inspire your office. 



central guest house 



take a look at one of our latest installs and get inspired on how to give your home or office the brumbaugh’s look. 






shop the look
































new for 2024 



bold. elegant. fresh. 











add something new to freshen up your home and make a statement that is truly you. 







 
shop the 2024 collection




















add to cart 

 



													md sectional												














add to cart 

 



													kendy zebra chair												














learn more 

 



													marfa chaise												














learn more 

 



													citation chair												














learn more 

 



													gus dining chair												














add to cart 

 



													the dustin chair												














add to cart 

 



													the dallas blonde chair												














add to cart 

 



													hat and rifle hall tree												














add to cart 

 



													blue gus rocker												














add to cart 

 



													antler hall tree												
































                md sectional            



                shop
                                    















                kendy zebra chair            



                shop
                                    















                marfa chaise            



                shop
                                    















                citation chair            



                shop
                                    















                gus dining chair            



                shop
                                    















                the dustin chair            



                shop
                                    















                the dallas blonde chair            



                shop
                                    















                hat and rifle hall tree            



                shop
                                    















                blue gus rocker            



                shop
                                    















                antler hall tree            



                shop
                                    



























brumbaugh’s 



specializing in classic chic decor for more than 50 years. 



							brumbaugh’s is where you find truly original furniture. from new world western to tuscan chic, brumbaugh’s offers over 50,000 square feet of elegant fine home furnishings, carpets and hundreds of rugs you just won’t find anywhere else.						







 
learn more about us
















 






the jason scott collection











 






the elizabeth collection




















shop our selection 



							choose from traditional delivery or white glove delivery at checkout.						























						living					



















						dining					























						office					



















						bedroom					























						rugs & carpet					























						 accessories					



















						art					






























 


load more





















mocha mousse at brumbaugh’s



 


load more

















see something you can’t live without? 






contact us today







							to make it part of your home						











 



							from new world western to tuscan chic, brumbaugh’s offers over 50,000 square feet of elegant fine home furnishings, carpets and hundreds of rugs you just won’t find anywhere else.						






facebook
 



pinterest
 



youtube
 



instagram
 










contact  



11651 camp bowie w blvd, aledo, tx 76008817.244.9377info@brumbaughs.com 











© 2023 brumbaughs fine home furnishings | site by ardent creative | terms and conditions | privacy | returns all images are property of brumbaugh’s and may not be used without permission of the retailer/owner 










						save & share cart						


						your shopping cart will be saved and you'll be given a link. you, or anyone with the link, can use it to retrieve your cart at any time.					





										save cart & generate link										












										send cart in an email									

										done! close									




									empty cart. please add products before saving :)								











							back						
						save & share cart						


						your shopping cart will be saved with product pictures and information, and cart totals. then send it to yourself, or a friend, with a link to retrieve it at any time.					







to






from name





subject




have a look at this shopping cart sent by a friend via brumbaughs-2022




										send cart email										






								your cart email sent successfully :)							













be the first to know 















get inspiration for your home or office project sent straight to your inbox with our monthly newsletter. 






email(required)

phonethis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
 






















 















































































































































