
















educational justice

















educational justice



from a collective of progressive education activists - stuff about teaching, thinking, parenting, social justice, desegregation, self-determination, economic justice, music, creativity, and building progressive movements for our future











sunday, january 03, 2021










 now that i am retired, i might start posting again. here's a letter i wrote just now to the nyt in response to their editorial on betsy devos.  dear editor,i continue to be amazed at our bedrock assumption that test scores 
are a measure of learning despite the fact that they can never be so.during
 the first 16 years after graduating from college, i taught high school 
history at groton, and then at three nyc independent schools - was fired
 three times and then blacklisted, so i moved to san francisco and got 
my phd in education. i then became a community organizer around school 
reform in san francisco and co-founded the sf freedom school.  this led 
to a job at sf state university teaching political science.  i taught at
 sfsu for 13 years. during the last four years, i helped to revive the 
experimental college (became its first director) and am now just retired
 at 65.  during my entire educational career, standardized tests have 
been my nemesis.while teaching u.s history
 to rich kids in nyc, i refused to make history boring, a mere 
recitation of dates, the names of white, rich men, and battles. i wanted
 them to see history as crucial to their lives as active citizens.  i 
got in trouble for being good at that.  the constant complaint from 
administrators and parents was, i "wasn't preparing my students for the 
test" -- the us history achievement and us history advanced placement 
tests. so, when i entered my phd program at uc davis, i was particularly
 interested in my educational testing and policy courses.   i learned 
how standardized tests scores have been misused by policy makers and the
 media and that business leaders have always driven educational policy. 
 i have tried (and failed) to persuade teachers and parents that 
standardized tests create the achievement gap so they can not be used as
 a tool to reduce it. i gave up this fight around 2007, totally 
defeated.  i had hoped by now that, at least, there might be some 
question about the role of standardized tests in measuring educational 
quality if not learning.  your editorial disabused me of that notion.of
 course, i wonder why?  the only answer i can come up with is that 
standardized testing is inextricably intertwined with basic american 
mythology.  simply, it goes like this:learning should never be measured or ranked.legitimacy of social and economic inequality relies fundamentally upon the myth that the us is a meritocracy - more merit, more money.education is believed to be key to gaining merit and money.but to maintain inequality, we need to measure learning.hence, standardized tests (designed on purpose to create the widest possible point spread) are used to distribute privilege and prestige to those who "deserve" it.we
 often speak of a third rails in the political system.  but standardized
 tests seem to be the engine that drives the system.  never to be 
questioned or seen for what it is.





posted by



kathy emery




at

12:28 pm



no comments:
  





























wednesday, july 29, 2020







 educators- day day of resistance - covid-19





choosing democracy: educators- day day of resistance - covid-19: overview       what is the national day of resistance, #equityorelse?   thousands of parents, students, educators    and school staff t...





posted by



duane campbell




at

3:02 pm



no comments:
  





























wednesday, july 10, 2019







scusd trying to break teachers contract





choosing democracy: scusd trying to break teachers contract: reposted from       majority,   july 08, 2019        the sacramento school district is trying to set a dangerous precedent of breaking cont...





posted by



duane campbell




at

8:56 pm



no comments:
  





























monday, april 01, 2019







choosing democracy: sacramento teachers uprising ?





choosing democracy: sacramento teachers uprising ?: the  #redfored  wave has already swept through  los angeles  and  oakland  this year, with thousands of brave educators going on strike...





posted by



duane campbell




at

2:31 pm



no comments:
  





























friday, february 22, 2019







choosing democracy: oakland teachers strike- day 2





choosing democracy: oakland teachers strike- day 2: “we’re fighting a mean-spirited and antidemocratic attack on public education”       an interview with   tim marshall   oakland teachers a...





posted by



duane campbell




at

4:11 pm



no comments:
  





























thursday, february 21, 2019







choosing democracy: we stand with oakland teachers





choosing democracy: we stand with oakland teachers: the union contends that all of the district’s offers to date don’t leave teachers with enough money to keep pace w...





posted by



duane campbell




at

2:39 pm



no comments:
  





























wednesday, may 02, 2018







choosing democracy: arizona joins red state revolt: teachers’ strike r...





choosing democracy: arizona joins red state revolt: teachers’ strike r...





posted by



duane campbell




at

4:44 pm



no comments:
  































older posts

home




subscribe to:
posts (atom)













contributors


duane campbell
eric mar
kathy emery







blog archive








        ▼ 
      



2021

(1)





        ▼ 
      



january

(1)

 now that i am retired, i might start posting agai...










        ► 
      



2020

(1)





        ► 
      



july

(1)









        ► 
      



2019

(4)





        ► 
      



july

(1)







        ► 
      



april

(1)







        ► 
      



february

(2)









        ► 
      



2018

(2)





        ► 
      



may

(1)







        ► 
      



february

(1)









        ► 
      



2017

(10)





        ► 
      



november

(1)







        ► 
      



october

(1)







        ► 
      



september

(1)







        ► 
      



april

(1)







        ► 
      



february

(2)







        ► 
      



january

(4)









        ► 
      



2016

(29)





        ► 
      



december

(1)







        ► 
      



november

(2)







        ► 
      



october

(2)







        ► 
      



september

(3)







        ► 
      



august

(3)







        ► 
      



july

(5)







        ► 
      



june

(1)







        ► 
      



may

(2)







        ► 
      



april

(1)







        ► 
      



march

(1)







        ► 
      



february

(5)







        ► 
      



january

(3)









        ► 
      



2015

(37)





        ► 
      



december

(1)







        ► 
      



november

(5)







        ► 
      



october

(4)







        ► 
      



september

(4)







        ► 
      



august

(6)







        ► 
      



july

(1)







        ► 
      



june

(2)







        ► 
      



may

(4)







        ► 
      



april

(3)







        ► 
      



march

(2)







        ► 
      



february

(2)







        ► 
      



january

(3)









        ► 
      



2014

(55)





        ► 
      



december

(4)







        ► 
      



november

(5)







        ► 
      



october

(9)







        ► 
      



september

(3)







        ► 
      



august

(3)







        ► 
      



july

(3)







        ► 
      



june

(3)







        ► 
      



may

(4)







        ► 
      



april

(4)







        ► 
      



march

(3)







        ► 
      



february

(7)







        ► 
      



january

(7)









        ► 
      



2013

(83)





        ► 
      



december

(4)







        ► 
      



november

(3)







        ► 
      



october

(13)







        ► 
      



september

(9)







        ► 
      



august

(10)







        ► 
      



july

(11)







        ► 
      



june

(7)







        ► 
      



may

(7)







        ► 
      



april

(8)







        ► 
      



march

(3)







        ► 
      



february

(4)







        ► 
      



january

(4)









        ► 
      



2012

(73)





        ► 
      



december

(6)







        ► 
      



november

(9)







        ► 
      



october

(5)







        ► 
      



september

(13)







        ► 
      



august

(5)







        ► 
      



july

(6)







        ► 
      



june

(4)







        ► 
      



may

(6)







        ► 
      



april

(4)







        ► 
      



march

(4)







        ► 
      



february

(6)







        ► 
      



january

(5)









        ► 
      



2011

(72)





        ► 
      



december

(7)







        ► 
      



november

(4)







        ► 
      



october

(5)







        ► 
      



september

(11)







        ► 
      



august

(5)







        ► 
      



july

(5)







        ► 
      



june

(3)







        ► 
      



may

(5)







        ► 
      



april

(7)







        ► 
      



march

(6)







        ► 
      



february

(6)







        ► 
      



january

(8)









        ► 
      



2010

(51)





        ► 
      



december

(5)







        ► 
      



november

(3)







        ► 
      



october

(9)







        ► 
      



september

(6)







        ► 
      



august

(4)







        ► 
      



july

(3)







        ► 
      



june

(6)







        ► 
      



may

(3)







        ► 
      



april

(3)







        ► 
      



march

(4)







        ► 
      



february

(1)







        ► 
      



january

(4)









        ► 
      



2009

(50)





        ► 
      



december

(3)







        ► 
      



november

(2)







        ► 
      



october

(1)







        ► 
      



september

(3)







        ► 
      



august

(4)







        ► 
      



july

(4)







        ► 
      



june

(1)







        ► 
      



may

(6)







        ► 
      



april

(6)







        ► 
      



march

(5)







        ► 
      



february

(6)







        ► 
      



january

(9)









        ► 
      



2008

(72)





        ► 
      



december

(6)







        ► 
      



november

(8)







        ► 
      



october

(2)







        ► 
      



september

(7)







        ► 
      



august

(7)







        ► 
      



july

(7)







        ► 
      



june

(5)







        ► 
      



may

(5)







        ► 
      



april

(7)







        ► 
      



march

(5)







        ► 
      



february

(8)







        ► 
      



january

(5)









        ► 
      



2007

(115)





        ► 
      



december

(4)







        ► 
      



november

(3)







        ► 
      



october

(4)







        ► 
      



september

(11)







        ► 
      



august

(5)







        ► 
      



july

(2)







        ► 
      



june

(4)







        ► 
      



may

(4)







        ► 
      



april

(21)







        ► 
      



march

(23)







        ► 
      



february

(11)







        ► 
      



january

(23)









        ► 
      



2006

(188)





        ► 
      



december

(16)







        ► 
      



november

(18)







        ► 
      



october

(13)







        ► 
      



september

(16)







        ► 
      



august

(7)







        ► 
      



july

(15)







        ► 
      



june

(10)







        ► 
      



may

(28)







        ► 
      



april

(23)







        ► 
      



march

(28)







        ► 
      



february

(10)







        ► 
      



january

(4)









        ► 
      



2005

(52)





        ► 
      



december

(5)







        ► 
      



november

(19)







        ► 
      



october

(8)







        ► 
      



september

(8)







        ► 
      



august

(7)







        ► 
      



july

(1)







        ► 
      



june

(1)







        ► 
      



may

(1)







        ► 
      



april

(1)







        ► 
      



march

(1)









friends


rethinking schools
san francisco freedom school
united educators of sf
coalition for educational justice los angeles
californians for justice
teachers 4 social justice - sf
education & democracy [author/activst kathy emery]
choosing democracy [sac state's duane campbell]
small talk - chicago's mike klonsky's blog
on china and china/us friendship
the coalition of essential schools' the essential blog
solidarity economy - carl davidson, jerry harris & co.]
sf schools blog
an old soul...
left in sf
teaching for change
chinese progressive assn - sf
asian american movement.net
oakland's aiwa
oakland's dangerous ideas
capay - boston
aypal oakland
youth together oakland
lej literacy for env justice
inner city struggle east la
adopt-an-alleyway project- sf
y-mac youth making change-sf
asian pacific islander american blog network




labels



$10 million
(1)


accountability
(4)


accreditation
(2)


achievement
(1)


achievement gap
(44)


activism
(1)


ad
(1)


adequacy
(7)


administrators
(1)


advocacy
(1)


afl-cio
(1)


african americans
(10)


aft
(5)


aig
(2)


alcatraz
(1)


alec
(2)


algebra
(1)


alter
(1)


antiwar
(1)


arlene ackerman
(3)


arm
(1)


arne duncan
(16)


asian american
(100)


assault
(1)


atlanta
(1)


austerity
(1)


ayp
(1)


bailouts
(1)


banking crisis
(2)


banks
(2)


barack obama
(21)


bart
(1)


berkeley
(2)


big business
(25)


bilingual education
(1)


bilingualism
(8)


bill gates
(3)


bill maher
(1)


blogging
(3)


board of education
(2)


boxer
(1)


breakfast
(1)


broad foundation
(4)


broader bolder approach
(1)


brown
(2)


bryan williams
(1)


budget
(10)


budget crisis
(14)


budget cuts
(2)


budgets
(1)


bush
(1)


california
(61)


california budget crisis
(7)


california federation of teachers
(1)


california law
(1)


california legislature
(1)


california schools
(7)


california senate.
(1)


cesar chavez
(1)


cfa
(1)


cft
(1)


change
(1)


charter schools
(7)


charters
(2)


cheating
(2)


chicago
(9)


chicago school closings
(1)


chicano
(1)


children
(2)


china
(14)


chinese progressive association
(25)


choice
(1)


christie
(1)


cinco de mayo
(1)


city college
(1)


civil rights
(46)


class size
(3)


comcast
(1)


common core standards
(1)


community college
(2)


community organizing
(2)


conference
(9)


congress
(2)


conservative
(1)


constitutional convention
(1)


consultants
(1)


convention
(1)


corporate
(2)


corporate agenda
(4)


corporate reformers
(3)


corporations
(1)


corruption
(1)


creativity
(14)


crisis
(1)


critical thinking
(1)


criticism
(2)


csu
(2)


ct.
(1)


cta
(2)


curriculum
(1)


cuts.
(1)


cuts. boondoggles
(1)


david bacon
(2)


david coleman
(1)


day of action
(1)


dean baker
(1)


debate
(1)


deborah meier
(2)


democracy
(60)


democratic
(1)


democrats
(2)


democrats for education reform
(4)


desegregation
(23)


diane
(1)


diane ravitch
(2)


discrimination
(1)


district
(1)


drop outs
(3)


dropout
(2)


dsa
(2)


duncan
(5)


economic crisis
(1)


economic crisis. california
(11)


economic justice
(118)


economy
(2)


ed asner
(1)


education
(11)


elections
(6)


emergency
(2)


english language learners
(1)


english-only
(11)


environment
(4)


ethnic studies
(1)


evaluation
(1)


evidence
(1)


facts
(2)


faculty
(1)


faculty union
(1)


failure
(5)


fake
(3)


fake school reform
(2)


family
(13)


federal funds
(2)


fees
(1)


fifth-grader
(1)


finance
(1)


finland
(2)


fiorina
(1)


fire fighters
(1)


firefighters
(1)


florida
(1)


flowers
(1)


forum
(1)


framework
(2)


fred glass
(1)


free market
(1)


freedom schools
(3)


funding
(6)


gates
(1)


gay community
(4)


gentrification
(4)


george miller
(1)


globalization
(31)


governor brown
(2)


graduation
(1)


gun violence
(1)


hedge funds
(2)


help needed
(1)


heroes
(20)


high schools
(2)


history/social science
(3)


hmong
(1)


homeless
(1)


honig
(1)


immigrants
(109)


immigration
(1)


initiative
(1)


integration
(1)


january
(1)


jebb bush
(2)


jobs
(6)


joel klein
(4)


john nichols
(2)


k-12 schools
(1)


karen lewis
(2)


karp
(1)


kevin johnson
(1)


kipp
(1)


koch brothers
(1)


kohl
(1)


korea
(1)


krashen
(3)


kwangju
(1)


labor
(30)


lakoff
(1)


language rights
(7)


latino
(14)


law
(29)


laws
(1)


lay offs
(4)


left
(2)


legislature
(3)


linda darling-hammond
(1)


living wage
(1)


majority rule
(1)


mandarin
(2)


mandates
(1)


manifesto
(1)


mar
(1)


march 4
(2)


march for schools
(3)


markets
(2)


martin carnoy
(1)


math
(2)


may day
(1)


mccain
(5)


media
(2)


meg whitman
(1)


mexican american
(2)


mexico
(10)


michael fabricant
(1)


michelle fine
(1)


michelle rhee
(16)


militarism
(25)


millionaires
(1)


model minority stereotype
(1)


mooc
(1)


multicultural
(2)


multicultural education
(1)


multilingualism
(3)


music
(10)


name
(3)


national
(1)


national association for multicultural education
(1)


national tests
(1)


native americans
(1)


nclb
(27)


nea
(2)


netroots
(1)


netroots nation
(1)


newtown
(1)


no child left behind
(1)


noguera
(1)


november 8
(1)


oakland
(5)


oaxaca
(11)


obama
(11)


oppose
(1)


opt out
(1)


organizing
(114)


pact
(3)


parenting
(48)


parents
(19)


paul karrer
(2)


pay increases
(1)


per student spending
(1)


performance assessment
(2)


petition
(1)


philadelphia
(1)


podcast
(1)


police
(1)


politicians
(6)


politics
(1)


poverty
(4)


prisons
(2)


privatization
(2)


profit
(1)


prop. 30
(3)


prop.30
(1)


prop.30.
(1)


prop.32
(1)


prop.38.  cfa.
(1)


propositions
(2)


protest
(2)


public education
(1)


public schools
(19)


race to the top
(11)


racism
(112)


rage
(1)


rahm emanuel
(4)


rainbow coalition
(2)


rally
(1)


rand
(1)


randi weingarten
(1)


ravitch
(4)


raza educators
(1)


reading
(1)


reform
(1)


reformer
(1)


report card
(1)


republican
(2)


republicans
(4)


research
(1)


resistance
(84)


respect
(2)


rethinking schools
(5)


rethinking schools.
(1)


review
(1)


rham emanuel
(2)


rich
(1)


richard rothstein
(1)


richmond district
(2)


right wing
(1)


right-wing
(1)


rodolfor acuña
(1)


romer
(1)


romero
(3)


romney
(2)


rttt
(1)


sacramento
(7)


sacramento.
(1)


san francisco
(8)


sandy hook elementary school
(1)


save our schools
(6)


sb 1209
(1)


scam
(1)


scapegoating
(1)


school accountability
(1)


school budgets
(34)


school budgets.
(2)


school closings
(1)


school crisis
(6)


school finance
(8)


school funding
(3)


school reform
(52)


school reformers
(5)


school success
(1)


school system
(1)


school tests
(1)


schooling
(2)


schools
(25)


schools and local public safety act
(1)


schwarzenegger
(1)


secretary of education
(4)


self-determination
(18)


services
(1)


sf state
(11)


small schools
(13)


so called reformers
(1)


social forum
(2)


social justice
(9)


solidarity
(12)


sos march
(1)


special interests
(1)


standards
(2)


stanford
(1)


star
(1)


state of the union
(1)


state superintendent
(1)


states
(1)


stem
(1)


stephen krashen. fake school reform
(1)


stimulus
(4)


strike
(26)


student achievement
(1)


students
(117)


superintendent
(10)


tax
(1)


taxes
(3)


teacher
(1)


teacher bashing
(3)


teacher evaluations
(1)


teacher tenure
(1)


teacher unions
(5)


teachers
(159)


teachers strike
(3)


teachers union
(2)


teachers unions
(15)


teachers' strike
(2)


teachers' union
(1)


teaching
(3)


teaching for social justice.
(1)


ted
(1)


tenants
(7)


tenure
(1)


test scores
(1)


testing
(53)


tests
(2)


texas
(3)


text books
(3)


tfa
(1)


think tanks
(1)


thom hartman
(1)


torlakson
(6)


tuck
(1)


ufw
(1)


union
(3)


unions
(5)


universities
(2)


urban schools
(1)


vergara
(2)


vote
(1)


vouchers
(2)


waiting for superman
(2)


waiver
(1)


waivers
(2)


walmart
(1)


waltons
(1)


war
(1)


washington
(1)


whitman
(1)


wisconsin
(4)


workers
(48)


yes on 30
(1)




















web site statistics









asian american movement links


aamovement.net - the asian american movement ezine
asian & pacific islander coalition against the war
asian american music (washington d.c.)
asian american resource workshop (boston)
asian immigrant worker advocates (oakland)
asian improv arts (sf)
aypal (oakland)
bayan usa
blacklava (los angeles)
boston progress
caaav: organizing asian communities (new york)
chinatown collective for community action (los angeles)
chinese progressive association (boston)
chinese progressive association (san francisco)
cjwp - chin jurn wor ping/chien jin h ping
coalition of asian pacific american youth (greater boston)
colours of resistance
east bay asian youth center (berkeley/oakland)
garment workers center (la)
illegal voices
j-town voice (la)
korean immigrant workers association (los angeles)
labor/community strategy center [la]
miwon
national network for immigrant and refugee rights
nikkei for civil rights and redress (los angeles)
slanty - api music art culture and resistance
wartimes










powered by webring.



this site is a member of webring. 
to browse visit 
here.




disclaimer: this website is the sole responsibility of educational justice. it does not represent any official opinions, statement of facts or positions of any government institution. its sole purpose is to disseminate information to interested individuals in the san francisco bay area communities and others.fair use notice: this site contains copyrighted material the use of which has not always been specifically authorized by the copyright owner. i am making such material available in my effort to advance understanding of education issues vital to a democracy. i believe this constitutes a 'fair use' of any such copyrighted material as provided for in section 107 of the us copyright law. in accordance with title 17 u.s.c. section 107, the material on this site is distributed without profit to those who have expressed a prior interest in receiving the included information for research and educational purposes. if you wish to use copyrighted material from this site for purposes of your own that go beyond 'fair use', you must obtain permission from the copyright owner. we are making such material available in our efforts to advance understanding of environmental, political, human rights, economic, democracy, scientific, and social justice issues, etc. we believe this constitutes a 'fair use' of any such copyrighted material as provided for in section 107 of the us copyright law. in accordance with title 17 u.s.c. section 107, the material on this site is distributed without profit to those who have expressed a prior interest in receiving the included information for research and educational purposes. for more information go to: http://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/17/107.shtml. if you wish to use copyrighted material from this site for purposes of your own that go beyond 'fair use,' you must obtain permission from the copyright owner.








