



























bdus | tactical gear superstore | tacticalgear.com























accessibility statement
↵enter




skip to content
↵enter




skip to footer
↵enter








                                cr mode
                            











                                     
                                
















deals

clothing




clothing


gender

men's clothing
women's clothing



featured categories

tactical pants
bdu pants
combat shirts
tactical polos
t-shirts
tactical shirts
tactical shorts
flight suits
hats



clothing categories

accessories
headwear
outerwear
pants
shirts
shorts
socks
undergarments
uniforms
shop all clothing





clothing categories


accessories

neck gaiters
sleeves
wristbands
shop all accessories





clothing categories


headwear

balaclavas
beanies & watch caps 
boonie hats 
hats 
headbands 
headwraps 
military uniform hats 
shemaghs 
shop all headwear





clothing categories


outerwear

casual jackets
coveralls & overalls
covert & ccw jackets
duty jackets
ecwcs
fleeces & liners
flight suits
high-visibility outerwear
rain pants
rain jackets
ponchos
soft shells
uniform jackets
vests
shop all outerwear





clothing categories


pants

combat pants
ems pants
military unfiorm pants
motorcycle pants
tactical pants
tactical uniform pants
shop all pants





clothing categories


shirts

athletic shirts
combat shirts
concealed carry shirts
ems shirts
hoodies
military uniform shirts
polos
tactical shirts
tactical uniform shirts
t-shirts
shop all shirts





clothing categories


shorts

athletic shorts
tactical shorts
uniform shorts
shop all shorts





clothing categories


socks

tactical socks
hiking socks
work socks
shop all socks





clothing categories


undergarments

base layers
boxes & briefs
bras
shop all undergarments





clothing categories



abus
acus
bdus
tdus
tac.us
pdus
shop all uniforms







footwear




footwear


gender

men's footwear
women's footwear



boots

military boots
 tactical boots
hiking boots
hunting boots
work boots



shoes

dress shoes
athletic shoes
hiking shoes
casual shoes
trail running shoes
sandals
accessories
shop all footwear





footwear categories


footwear accessories

insoles
shop all accessories







equipment




equipment


featured categories

sunglasses
backpacks
concealment holsters
gloves
tactical flashlights
plate carriers
patches



equipment categories

accessories
badges & id
bags & packs
belts & suspenders
body armor
camping & survival
duty gear
eyewear
fire & ems
holsters
hydration
knives & tools
pouches
protective equipment
tactical lights
vests & platforms
shop all equipment





equipment categories


accessories

lifestyle accessories
climbing & rappelling
shop all accessories





equipment categories


body & armor

plate carriers 
body armor accessories 
shop all body armor





equipment categories


protective equipment

gloves
elbow & knee pads 
shop all protective equipment





equipment categories


badges & id

dog tags
patches
name tapes
badge & id holders
badge & id wallets
shop all badges & id





equipment categories


bags & packs

backpacks
shoulder packs
range bags
duffel bags
luggage & travel bags
bags & pack accessories
messenger bags
load out bags
pocket packs
waist packs
garment bags
shop all bags & packs





equipment categories


belts & suspenders

belts
belt accessories
suspenders
shop all belts & suspenders





equipment categories


camping & survival

cots
sleeping bags
sleeping pads
survival kits
shop all camping & survival





equipment categories


duty & gear

duty belts
duty holsters
duty accessories
duty cases
duty carriers
duty bags & packs
shop all duty gear





equipment categories


eyewear

sunglasses
eyewear accessories
shooting glasses
goggles
shop all eyewear





equipment categories


fire & ems

fire & ems pouches
fire & ems packs
shop all fire & ems





equipment categories


holsters

concealment holsters
duty holsters
holster accessories
tactical holsters
shop all holsters





equipment categories


hydration

hydration packs
hydration accessories
insulated drinkware
reservoirs
water bottles
shop all hydration





equipment categories


knives & tools

tactical knives
knife sharpeners
multi-tools
forced entry tools
knife accessories
shop all knives & tools





equipment categories


optics

laser sights
binoculars
night vision
optics accessories
range finders
red dot sights
spotting scopes
shop all optics





equipment categories


pouches

rifle ammo pouches
miscellaneous pouches
pistol ammo pouches
dump pouches
radio & phone pouches
light pouches
pouch accessories
shotgun ammo pouches
grenade & flashbang pouches
drop leg pouches
sheaths
shop all pouches





equipment categories


tactical lights

tactical flashlights
penlights
light accessories
lanterns
weapon lights
keychain lights
headlamps
spotlights
wristlights
shop all tactical lights





equipment categories


vests & platforms

tactical vests
chest rigs
shop all vests & platforms





equipment categories


watches

tactical watches
outdoor watches
shop all watches





equipment categories


weapon accessories

gun safes
slings
sling accessories
pistol lanyards
bipods
rifle stocks
shop all weapon accessories







brands




brands


featured brands

5.11 tactical
arc'teryx leaf
altama
condor
danner
lowa
mission made
nike
oakley
propper
salomon
under armour
more exciting brands







military




military


shop by branch

army gear
marine corps gear
navy gear
air force gear
coast guard gear



military footwear

army boots
air force boots
athletic shoes
dress shoes
shop all military boots



featured categories

army uniforms
air force uniforms
ballistic eyewear
bdus
combat shirts
ecwcs
name tapes
plate carriers
tactical gloves
shop all military gear







public safety




public safety


shop by service

police gear
fire & ems gear
security gear
corrections gear



featured categories

police boots
police uniforms
tactical gloves
body armor
duty jackets
duty bags & packs
duty belts
duty cases
duty holsters
tactical polos
tactical sunglasses
tactical lights
batons
handcuffs







more






more


customer service

my account
contact us
tg rewards
promotions
why buy from us?
holiday information
gift card balance
faq



policies

low price guarantee
payment policy
privacy policy
ca consumer privacy act
promotions policy
return policy
ballistic body armor policy
rewards policy
shipping policy
accessibility statement
terms of use



company

about us
careers
media inquiries
reviews
forms



tactical experts

military service
outdoors
public safety
tactical basics



featured

ocp uniforms
hot weather ocp uniforms
department of deals
edc gear
outdoor gear
thin blue line gear
women's tactical gear
black tactical gear
best tactical gear of 2025
military surplus








agency


account
sign in












tacticalgear.com
636-680-8051







 search
search
 











free shipping
on orders $125+
















free shipping
on orders over $125









                            pro
                        



sign in & earn


earn tg rewards
free tactical gear













cart
















deals


clothing








gender

men's clothing
women's clothing



featured categories

tactical pants
bdu pants
combat shirts
tactical polos
t-shirts
tactical shirts
tactical shorts
flight suits
hats



clothing categories

accessories
headwear
outerwear
pants
shirts
shorts
socks
undergarments
uniforms
shop all clothing






























footwear








gender

men's footwear
women's footwear



boots

military boots
 tactical boots
hiking boots
hunting boots
work boots



shoes

dress shoes
athletic shoes
hiking shoes
casual shoes
trail running shoes
sandals
accessories
shop all footwear






























equipment








featured categories

sunglasses
backpacks
concealment holsters
gloves
tactical flashlights
plate carriers
patches



equipment categories

accessories
badges & id
bags & packs
belts & suspenders
body armor
camping & survival
duty gear
eyewear
fire & ems



equipment continued

holsters
hydration
knives & tools
pouches
tactical lights
vests & platforms
shop all equipment






























brands

























altama
ar500 armor
bates
belleville
camelbak




carhartt
danner
first tactical
garmont
gatorz




gerber
hazard 4
high speed gear
ka-bar
leatherman




maxpedition
mechanix wear
merrell
reebok
ridge




rocky
rothco
streamlight
shellback tactical
thorogood




tru-spec
vertx
viktos
wiley x
yeti












more exciting brands






military








shop by branch

army gear
air force gear
marine corps gear
navy gear
coast guard gear



military footwear

army boots
air force boots
athletic shoes
dress shoes
shop all military boots



featured categories

army uniforms
air force uniforms
ballistic eyewear
bdus
combat shirts
ecwcs
name tapes
plate carriers
tactical gloves
shop all military gear






























public safety








shop by service

police gear
fire & ems gear
security gear
corrections gear



featured categories

police boots
police uniforms
tactical gloves
body armor
duty jackets
duty bags & packs
duty belts



featured continued

duty cases
duty holsters
tactical polos
tactical sunglasses
tactical lights
batons
handcuffs






























agency


more








customer service

my account
contact us
tg rewards
promotions
why buy from us?
holiday information
gift card balance
faq



policies

low price guarantee
payment policy
privacy policy
ca consumer privacy act
promotions policy
return policy
ballistic body armor policy
rewards policy
shipping policy
accessibility statement
terms of use



company

about us
careers
media inquiries
reviews
forms

tactical experts

military service
outdoors
public safety
tactical basics



featured

ocp uniforms
hot weather ocp uniforms
department of deals
edc gear
outdoor gear
thin blue line gear
women's tactical gear
black tactical gear
best tactical gear of 2025
military surplus




















attention:














home


clothing


uniforms
                    
bdus        





filter




filters


×




                                    gender
                                



                                    brand
                                



                                    shirt size
                                



                                    waist size
                                



                                    inseam
                                



                                    headwear size
                                



                                    color
                                



                                    compliance
                                



                                    fabric
                                



                                    weave
                                



                                    style
                                



                                    sleeve length
                                



                                    weight
                                



                                    features
                                


categories






gender

×




                                            men's
                                        



                                            women's
                                        






brand

×




                                            first tactical
                                        



                                            propper
                                        



                                            rothco
                                        



                                            tru-spec
                                        






shirt size

×




                                            xs
                                        



                                            s
                                        



                                            m
                                        



                                            l
                                        



                                            xl
                                        



                                            2xl
                                        



                                            3xl
                                        



                                            4xl
                                        






waist size

×




                                            0
                                        



                                            2
                                        



                                            4
                                        



                                            6
                                        



                                            8
                                        



                                            10
                                        



                                            12
                                        



                                            14
                                        



                                            16
                                        



                                            18
                                        



                                            20
                                        



                                            28
                                        



                                            30
                                        



                                            32
                                        



                                            34
                                        



                                            36
                                        



                                            38
                                        



                                            40
                                        



                                            42
                                        



                                            44
                                        



                                            46
                                        



                                            48
                                        



                                            50
                                        



                                            52
                                        



                                            54
                                        



                                            xxs
                                        



                                            xs
                                        



                                            s
                                        



                                            m
                                        



                                            l
                                        



                                            xl
                                        



                                            2xl
                                        



                                            3xl
                                        



                                            4xl
                                        



                                            5xl
                                        






inseam

×




                                            30
                                        



                                            32
                                        



                                            34
                                        



                                            36
                                        



                                            short
                                        



                                            regular
                                        



                                            long
                                        



                                            tall
                                        



                                            unhem
                                        






headwear size

×




                                            small
                                        



                                            medium
                                        



                                            large
                                        



                                            extra large
                                        






color

×




                                            black
                                        



                                            blues
                                        



                                            browns
                                        



                                            camos
                                        



                                            gray
                                        



                                            greens
                                        



                                            tans
                                        






compliance

×




                                            gsa
                                        






fabric

×




                                            cotton
                                        



                                            nylon / cotton
                                        



                                            polyester / cotton
                                        






weave

×




                                            ripstop
                                        



                                            twill
                                        






style

×




                                            overt
                                        






sleeve length

×




                                            long sleeve
                                        



                                            short sleeve
                                        






weight

×




                                            lightweight
                                        






features

×




                                            breathable
                                        



                                            cargo pockets
                                        



                                            lightweight
                                        



                                            quick drying
                                        



                                            reinforced elbows
                                        



                                            reinforced knees
                                        



                                            stain resistant
                                        



                                            stretch waistband
                                        



                                            water resistant
                                        



                                            wrinkle resistant
                                        



                                            ykk zipper
                                        






categories

×



clothing


bdus


bdu coats


bdu pants


bdu patrol caps


bdu shirts


bdu shorts






equipment


footwear






men's

×







women's

×







first tactical

×







propper

×







rothco

×







tru-spec

×







xs

×







s

×







m

×







l

×







xl

×







2xl

×







3xl

×







4xl

×







0

×







2

×







4

×







6

×







8

×







10

×







12

×







14

×







16

×







18

×







20

×







28

×







30

×







32

×







34

×







36

×







38

×







40

×







42

×







44

×







46

×







48

×







50

×







52

×







54

×







xxs

×







xs

×







s

×







m

×







l

×







xl

×







2xl

×







3xl

×







4xl

×







5xl

×







30

×







32

×







34

×







36

×







short

×







regular

×







long

×







tall

×







unhem

×







small

×







medium

×







large

×







extra large

×







black

×







blues

×




                                            all blues
                                        



                                            lapd navy
                                        



                                            navy
                                        






browns

×




                                            all browns
                                        



                                            brown
                                        



                                            coyote
                                        



                                            coyote brown
                                        



                                            sheriff's brown
                                        






camos

×




                                            all camos
                                        



                                            camouflage
                                        



                                            digital woodland
                                        



                                            multicam
                                        



                                            tiger stripe
                                        



                                            woodland
                                        






gray

×







greens

×




                                            all greens
                                        



                                            green
                                        



                                            olive
                                        






tans

×




                                            all tans
                                        



                                            khaki
                                        






gsa

×







cotton

×







nylon / cotton

×







polyester / cotton

×







ripstop

×







twill

×







overt

×







long sleeve

×







short sleeve

×







lightweight

×







breathable

×







cargo pockets

×







lightweight

×







quick drying

×







reinforced elbows

×







reinforced knees

×







stain resistant

×







stretch waistband

×







water resistant

×







wrinkle resistant

×







ykk zipper

×







pro tip: filter by size to shop faster











  








shop by category



clothing



bdus



                                                    bdu coats
                                                



                                                    bdu pants
                                                



                                                    bdu patrol caps
                                                



                                                    bdu shirts
                                                



                                                    bdu shorts
                                                





equipment


footwear




filter by







                                    gender
                                




                                                    men's
                                                



                                                    women's
                                                






                                    brand
                                




                                                    first tactical
                                                



                                                    propper
                                                



                                                    rothco
                                                



                                                    tru-spec
                                                






                                    shirt size
                                




                                                    xs
                                                



                                                    s
                                                



                                                    m
                                                



                                                    l
                                                



                                                    xl
                                                



                                                    2xl
                                                



                                                    3xl
                                                



                                                    4xl
                                                






                                    waist size
                                




                                                    0
                                                



                                                    2
                                                



                                                    4
                                                



                                                    6
                                                



                                                    8
                                                



                                                    10
                                                



                                                    12
                                                



                                                    14
                                                



                                                    16
                                                



                                                    18
                                                



                                                    20
                                                



                                                    28
                                                



                                                    30
                                                



                                                    32
                                                



                                                    34
                                                



                                                    36
                                                



                                                    38
                                                



                                                    40
                                                



                                                    42
                                                



                                                    44
                                                



                                                    46
                                                



                                                    48
                                                



                                                    50
                                                



                                                    52
                                                



                                                    54
                                                



                                                    xxs
                                                



                                                    xs
                                                



                                                    s
                                                



                                                    m
                                                



                                                    l
                                                



                                                    xl
                                                



                                                    2xl
                                                



                                                    3xl
                                                



                                                    4xl
                                                



                                                    5xl
                                                






                                    inseam
                                




                                                    30
                                                



                                                    32
                                                



                                                    34
                                                



                                                    36
                                                



                                                    short
                                                



                                                    regular
                                                



                                                    long
                                                



                                                    tall
                                                



                                                    unhem
                                                






                                    headwear size
                                




                                                    small
                                                



                                                    medium
                                                



                                                    large
                                                



                                                    extra large
                                                






                                    color
                                




                                                    black
                                                




                                                        blues
                                                    




                                                                    all blues
                                                                



                                                                    lapd navy
                                                                



                                                                    navy
                                                                






                                                        browns
                                                    




                                                                    all browns
                                                                



                                                                    brown
                                                                



                                                                    coyote
                                                                



                                                                    coyote brown
                                                                



                                                                    sheriff's brown
                                                                






                                                        camos
                                                    




                                                                    all camos
                                                                



                                                                    camouflage
                                                                



                                                                    digital woodland
                                                                



                                                                    multicam
                                                                



                                                                    tiger stripe
                                                                



                                                                    woodland
                                                                





                                                    gray
                                                




                                                        greens
                                                    




                                                                    all greens
                                                                



                                                                    green
                                                                



                                                                    olive
                                                                






                                                        tans
                                                    




                                                                    all tans
                                                                



                                                                    khaki
                                                                








                                    compliance
                                




                                                    gsa
                                                






                                    fabric
                                




                                                    cotton
                                                



                                                    nylon / cotton
                                                



                                                    polyester / cotton
                                                






                                    weave
                                




                                                    ripstop
                                                



                                                    twill
                                                






                                    style
                                




                                                    overt
                                                






                                    sleeve length
                                




                                                    long sleeve
                                                



                                                    short sleeve
                                                






                                    weight
                                




                                                    lightweight
                                                






                                    features
                                




                                                    breathable
                                                



                                                    cargo pockets
                                                



                                                    lightweight
                                                



                                                    quick drying
                                                



                                                    reinforced elbows
                                                



                                                    reinforced knees
                                                



                                                    stain resistant
                                                



                                                    stretch waistband
                                                



                                                    water resistant
                                                



                                                    wrinkle resistant
                                                



                                                    ykk zipper
                                                












pro tip: filter by size to shop faster





  







bdus





                authorized dealer 100+ brands



















top bdus categories




bdu pants
        



bdu coats
        



bdu shirts
        



bdu shorts
        



bdu patrol caps
        







                shop all bdus
            







best selling bdus 













men's propper uniform poly / cotton ripstop bdu pants





            (972) total reviews




$34.99





































men's tru-spec bdu basics pants





            (208) total reviews




$39.95





































sale
men's first tactical v2 bdu pants





            (14) total reviews



reg $64.99
20% off

$51.99















men's propper uniform poly / cotton ripstop bdu coats





            (313) total reviews




$34.99



























men's tru-spec gen-1 police bdu pants





            (95) total reviews




$39.95





































sale
women's first tactical v2 bdu pants

reg $64.99
20% off

$51.99















men's propper cotton ripstop bdu pants





            (316) total reviews




$39.99















men's tru-spec cotton ripstop bdu shorts (zip fly)





            (131) total reviews




$34.95









                            shop bdus 
                    









shop popular colors


 black bdus 
  khaki bdus 
  camo bdus 






uniform resources


ocps everything you need to know about the newest army and air force uniforms: the operational camouflage pattern.
bdus  through the 1980s and 90s, bdus were the only uniform for the entire u.s. armed forces. they are still widely popular today.
how to choose military boots with so many options to choose from, finding the right pair of military boots can be tough. luckily for you, we're here to help.







recent bdu reviews









                            tru-spec bdu basics pants
                        


get you some !!



by j-dog
|  verified buyer

tru-spec is the best bdu 's i have ever worn, just overall excellent pants.













                            propper poly / cotton ripstop bdu pants (zip fly)
                        


great product



by stephanie
|  verified buyer

very comfortable and durable!













                            propper uniform poly / cotton ripstop bdu pants
                        


nice product



by knight
|  verified buyer

fits excellent looking to buy more product





 


                                shop bdus
                        




the bdu destination the battle dress uniform (bdu) perfectly combines functionality and durability. the u.s. armed forces introduced the bdu as the combat uniform in 1981, but replaced it in the mid-2000s. the bdu still serves as a favorite among public safety professionals and other tactical operators. with tons of pockets and durable ripstop fabric, bdu pants inspired the many styles of tactical pants available today. we offer several options of the bdu uniform sewn to military specification. you can find everything from patrol caps to jackets to pants in a variety of colors and camouflage patterns. designed to hold up on the battlefield, these uniforms are tough enough to take on any tactical operation.  





                            shop bdus
                    















customer service

my account
contact us
tg rewards
request quote
gsa information
promotions
why buy from us?
holiday information
gift card balance
faq



policies

low price guarantee
payment policy
privacy policy
ca consumer privacy act
promotions policy
return policy
ballistic body armor policy
rewards policy
shipping policy
accessibility statement
terms of use



company

about us
careers
media inquiries
reviews
tactical experts
forms









never miss another deal
sign up for exclusive offers from tacticalgear.com.

email address































copyright 2025. all rights reserved.  




powered by


















×








there's a problem
javascript appears to be disabled.

it appears your browser does not have javascript enabled. in order to check out, enable browser javascript and refresh the page.
if you are still having problems, please contact our customer relations department at 636-680-8051.









cookies are disabled

                it appears your browser does not have cookies enabled. in order to check out, enable browser cookies and refresh the page.
            


if you are still having problems, please contact our customer relations department at 636-680-8051.


































