

  










trackmaster® an equibase company






































 









back
back





sign in

sign in to my account
register new account


home
thoroughbred racing


past performances

past performances
platinum past performances
race lens



advanced handicapping

race lens
trackmaster plus pro
equigraphix
mph pro
rdss
wagermate



advanced reports

performance cycles
trips reports
on-target performance ratings



beginner reports

true odds
flashnet
performance cycles lite



selections

winner's circle selections
f.a.s.t. sheets
valuline
compubet
powerpicks



data files

trackmaster plus
trackmaster basic
trackmaster pps



results/replays

results charts
race replays



mobile/tablet apps

pocket/tablet handicapper
pocket handicapper suite
ipps by equibase


3rd party software
all products


harness racing


race programs

past performances
platinum past performances
pace past performances



advanced handicapping

harnesspro
lifetime past performances
virtual stable plus



beginner handicapping

flashnet



selections

winner's circle selections
f.a.s.t. sheets
trackmaster greg
compubet
compubet pro
powerpicks



data files

trackmaster plus
trackmaster basic
trackmaster pps



results/replays

results charts
race replays



mobile/tablet apps

pocket/tablet handicapper
pocket handicapper suite
ipps by equibase


3rd party software
all products


free stuff

trackmaster players club
trackmaster on twitter
harness virtual stable
harness entries
harness results


support

contact us
terms of service
remote support









 


















 


sign in

sign in to my account
register new account





































thoroughbred racing

past performances

past performances
platinum past performances
race lens


advanced handicapping

race lens
trackmaster plus pro
equigraphix
mph pro
rdss
wagermate


advanced reports

performance cycles
trips reports
on-target performance ratings


beginner reports

true odds
flashnet
performance cycles lite


selections

winner's circle selections
f.a.s.t. sheets
valuline
compubet
powerpicks


data files

trackmaster plus
trackmaster basic
trackmaster pps


results/replays

results charts
race replays


mobile/tablet apps

pocket/tablet handicapper
pocket handicapper suite
ipps by equibase


3rd party software
all products



harness racing

race programs

past performances
platinum past performances
pace past performances


advanced handicapping

harnesspro
lifetime past performances
virtual stable plus


beginner handicapping

flashnet


selections

winner's circle selections
f.a.s.t. sheets
trackmaster greg
compubet
compubet pro
powerpicks


data files

trackmaster plus
trackmaster basic
trackmaster pps


results/replays

results charts
race replays


mobile/tablet apps

pocket/tablet handicapper
pocket handicapper suite
ipps by equibase


3rd party software
all products



free stuff

trackmaster players club
trackmaster on twitter
harness virtual stable
harness entries
harness results



support

contact us
terms of service
remote support








sign in

sign in to my account
register new account









 




















get handicapping products for




  
get handicapping products for
  
thoroughbredracing



past performances
selections & analysis
software & reports
more...
 






  
get handicapping products for
  
harnessracing



race programs
selections & analysis
advanced reports
more...










 


















quick download



pick a product
thoroughbred
past performances
platinum past performances
trackmaster plus pro
trips reports
compubet
flashnet
performance cycles lite
winner's circle selections
f.a.s.t. sheets
powerpicks
valuline
equigraphix
mph pro
on-target performance ratings
performance cycles
results charts
trackmaster basic
trackmaster plus
comma delimited b format
comma delimited c format
harness
past performances
harnesspro
pace past performances
platinum past performances
lifetime past performances
compubet
flashnet
trackmaster greg
winner's circle selections
compubet pro
f.a.s.t. sheets
powerpicks
results charts
trackmaster plus
trackmaster pps (data)
trackmaster basic






featured items







trackmaster articles





check out this month's free article "new perspectives using race lens" by craig walker of trackmaster






harnesspro





the most unique all-in-one harness handicapping tool on the market. it has all the power of a sophisticated software program with the simplicity of a printed race program.






winner's circle selections





price reduction - the new everyday regular price of walker group & turf club analysts selection reports is going from $12.75 back to $10.00!






f.a.s.t. sheets





price reduction - the new everyday regular price of the always powerful f.a.s.t. sheets selection reports is going from $12.75 back to $10.00!











 

race of the day



a race for monday, february 17th at fair grounds handicapped by turf club analysts


a free selection from one of our expert handicappers.





top handicappers



thoroughbred


harness








turfway park  -  f.a.s.t. sheets 

buy now



aqueduct  -  walker group (includes performance cycles) 

buy now



louisiana downs  -  walker group (includes performance cycles) 

buy now



fair grounds  -  walker group (includes performance cycles) 

buy now



oaklawn park  -  turf club analysts 

buy now




*best rois by track, minimum 50 races, jan 24th to feb 14th

view all











meadowlands  -  chatsworth consortium 

buy now



saratoga harness  -  compubet standard 

buy now



cal-expo  -  trackmaster greg 

buy now



northfield park  -  compubet standard 

buy now



yonkers raceway  -  compubet standard 

buy now




*best rois by track, minimum 50 races, jan 24th to feb 14th

view all







 

free information



thoroughbred


harness







equibase entries


equibase results


stats central


top carryovers


scratches & changes


players club










trackmaster entries


trackmaster results


usta newsroom


canadian news


strategic wagering


players club







 

virtual stable



thoroughbred


harness






a free service that lets you track leading contenders in a race series or create a personalized "horses to watch" list that notifies you via e-mail when one of those horses is entered to race, works out, or competes in a race. eliminate the work normally associated with tracking horses so that you never again miss a wagering opportunity.











a free service for harness racing that provides entries and results notification reminders via email and text message with customizable options. eliminate the work normally associated with tracking horses so that you never again miss a wagering opportunity.








 







quick download



pick a product
thoroughbred
past performances
platinum past performances
trackmaster plus pro
trips reports
compubet
flashnet
performance cycles lite
winner's circle selections
f.a.s.t. sheets
powerpicks
valuline
equigraphix
mph pro
on-target performance ratings
performance cycles
results charts
trackmaster basic
trackmaster plus
comma delimited b format
comma delimited c format
harness
past performances
harnesspro
pace past performances
platinum past performances
lifetime past performances
compubet
flashnet
trackmaster greg
winner's circle selections
compubet pro
f.a.s.t. sheets
powerpicks
results charts
trackmaster plus
trackmaster pps (data)
trackmaster basic
































































 










home


contact


about


terms


privacy


















proprietary to and copyright 2025 axcis information network, inc. all rights reserved. republication or re-dissemination of the contents of this screen are expressly prohibited without the written consent of axcis information network, inc. use (including viewing) of the material contained herein constitutes acceptance of these terms. trackmaster is a registered trademark of axcis information network, inc.






home


contact


about


terms


privacy

































sign in







username


password









forgot password? request it here!
don't have an account? register now!




















 



