











windlass anchor store - windlasses, winches, capstans and anchors






























www.windlass-anchor.com






 










 
















windlass categories
















anchor windlass store
windlasses, anchors, winches & captsans
windlass anchor store sells both vertical and horizontal anchor 
windlasses from all the best windlass brands, including lewmar windlass,
 maxwell windlass, powerwinch windlass, quick windlass and simpson 
lawrence windlass systems.






































muir vc3500 rope capstan - 12v - 1500w - mvc3500012e






 list price: $3,600.00      sale price: $2,952.00      you save: $648.00 









lofrans project 2000 vertical all chain windlass - capstan version - lw7977/1






 list price: $9,350.00      sale price: $7,667.00      you save: $1,683.00 









lofrans titan windlass, anodized, single capstan - dual gypsy - lw565an






 list price: $12,500.00      sale price: $10,250.00      you save: $2,250.00 















































powerwinch  250' of 5/8" rope   20' of 5/16" ht chain rode






 list price: $415.00      sale price: $373.74      you save: $41.26 









lewmar v700g vertical windlass






 list price: $1,140.70      sale price: $697.99      you save: $442.71 










lewmar pro sport 550 windlass gypsy only 1/4" g4 1/2 line lew6656811967303






 list price: $876.00      sale price: $539.99      you save: $336.01 












































lewmar pro series 1000h anchor windlass






 list price: $1,424.30      sale price: $987.99      you save: $436.31 

















what is a windlass?

	a windlass is a type of winch used on boats and ships to drop and 
hoist anchors.  manual windlasses come with a handle that is turned to 
wind up the rope or chain to which the anchor is attached. we recommend a
 power windlass, which can pull up the anchor with the press of a 
button.  free fall windlasses drop the anchor by releasing the line, 
which can be faster than powering it down.

horizontal or vertical windlass?

	technically the term 'windlass' only refers to horizontal winches.  vertical winches are technically called 
	capstans.
  horizontal windlasses are typically more compact and aesthetically 
attractive, while vertical capstans are often installed below deck, 
thereby lowering the center of gravity.  therefore horizontal windlasses
 tend to be used on smaller boats, while vertical capstans are used on 
larger boats or ships.

lewmar anchor windlass

	lewmar offers the most extensive range of winches available today, 
providing solutions that meet the needs of entry level sailing 
enthusiasts to the demands of the world's elite racers. alongside this 
lewmar provides winches that meet the functional and aesthetic 
requirements of new and classic super yachts. aesthetic needs of smaller
 yachts are not forgotten with the provision of 9 different finishes 
available across lewmar's winch range. 
	more...

maxwell anchor windlass

	maxwell equipment is born of innovation and backed by years of 
experience. all our anchor windlasses, ancillary deck gear, 
stern-handling products and accessories provide a level of quality, 
functionality, durability and style that is unparalleled in the 
industry. 
	more...

powerwinch anchor windlass

	a 50 year history of quality and innovation has made powerwinch a 
respected leader in the marine industry. powerwinch manufacturers and 
markets a variety of products that make boating more carefree. 
	more...

quick anchor windlass

	for 40 years, plastimo quick has been designing, manufacturing and 
distributing quality marine equipment. unique in the marine industry, 
quick offers a comprehensive range of over 7,000 products, including 
quick windlasses, of which more than 60% are manufactured in our 
lorient, france factory and distributed globally by over 7,500 dealers 
in 104 countries. 
	more...

muir windlass

	muir windlasses have been the dominant force in australian anchor 
windlass technology since 1968, and by industry standards they are now 
recognized as a leader and innovator for anchoring systems worldwide. a 
source for complete anchoring and docking system packages, muir designs 
and manufactures the most extensive range of anchor windlasses available
 on the world market. 
	more...

lofrans windlass

	lofrans was founded in 1966 monza, italy, and from the beginning they
 have focused their attention on a single product range: the anchor 
windlass. during these thirty five years all their technical skills have
 been oriented to manufacturing a windlass that could be considered as 
the finest in quality at very competitive prices. 
	more...

anchor windlass accessories

	we offer windlass accessories for each of the anchor windlass systems
 we carry, from each manufacturer. join the thousands of 
windlass-anchor.com customers and purchase your anchor windlass from the
 anchor windlass store. 
	more...



		visit our other online retail stores and informational sites
	

windlass store
berkey water filter systems
business opportunity network
























home


about us


privacy policy


contact us


warranty & return policy


site map





copyright â©    windlass-anchor.com. all rights reserved.


					shopping cart powered by volusion.
				















