





designer clothes & accessories - maus & hoffman
























skip to main content

maus & hoffman home page






the winter catalog sale continues! click here or clearance below right to save 30% to 60%.






 800 628 6287
order lookup
 | 
 sign-in 

























men's clothing

sport coats & blazers
woven shirts
sweaters
polos & t-shirts
trousers & walk shorts
outerwear
active wear
sleepwear & robes
swimwear
underwear




men's accessories

belts
formal accessories
hosiery
ties & pocket squares
hats, gloves & scarves 
small accessories




men's shoes

shoes




women's clothing

active & leisure wear
knits & blouses
skirts & dresses
slacks
sleepwear & robes
sweaters




women's accessories

hats, gloves & scarves




women's shoes

shoes




clearance mens

active wear
belts
hats, gloves & scarves 
hosiery
outerwear
polos & t-shirts
shoes
sleepwear & robes
sport coats & blazers
sweaters
ties & pocket squares
trousers & walk shorts
underwear
woven shirts
view all men's




clearance womens

active & leisure wear
hats, gloves & scarves
jackets & coats
knits & blouses
skirts & dresses
slacks
sleepwear & robes
sweaters
view all women's




last chance sales
shop last chance for your best chance at great prices for m&h quality. discounts begin at 50%, stock is limited. all sales final.

men's
women's























maus & hoffman logo


















0








0













men's



men's clothing


sport coats & blazers
woven shirts
sweaters
polos & t-shirts
trousers & walk shorts
outerwear
active wear
sleepwear & robes
swimwear
underwear




men's accessories


belts
formal accessories
hosiery
ties & pocket squares
hats, gloves & scarves 
small accessories




men's shoes


shoes





women's 



women's clothing


active & leisure wear
knits & blouses
skirts & dresses
slacks
sleepwear & robes
sweaters




women's accessories


hats, gloves & scarves




women's shoes


shoes





shop by brand brands



alden
brioni
derek rose
kinross
lemmermayer




liberty of london
magnanni
maus & hoffman
mephisto
pantherella




paul & shark
piacenza
solemare
zimmerli





new arrivals new














multi color






intenso stripe silk sport jacket


$1,495.00
















black/white





anna stripe blouse


$275.00















lilac





dark pink





aqua





royal blue





viareggio linen shirts


$295.00















light blue





green





red





banco stripe shirts


$245.00







locations



naples



palm beach



fort lauderdale



vero beach






clearance



men's clearance


active wear
belts
hats, gloves & scarves 
hosiery
outerwear
polos & t-shirts
shoes
sleepwear & robes
sport coats & blazers
sweaters
ties & pocket squares
trousers & walk shorts
underwear
woven shirts
view all men's




women's clearance


active & leisure wear
hats, gloves & scarves
jackets & coats
knits & blouses
skirts & dresses
slacks
sleepwear & robes
sweaters
view all women's




last chance sale

shop last chance for your best chance at great prices for m&h quality. discounts begin at 50%, stock is limited. all sales final.

last chance men's
last chance women's



















spring update
get ready for spring with our new collectionof men's classics.


shop men's








spring update
spring-weight cashmere, new liberty prints,and much more!


shop women's 












always offer the best. present only quality clothing matched with personalized service of equal excellence. treat every customer, every inquiry with the courtesy, generosity and interest one might expect from a good friend or relation. and so it follows that as a family-owned concern, we think of our customers as part of the family. with a door always open – store, phone, email or website – we are here to help.








sale sport shirts












multi color






charles stripe sport shirt
charles stripe sport shirt

$159.00
$275.00














burgundy





bond stripe shirt
bond stripe shirt

$159.00
$275.00














multi color






libero sport shirt
libero sport shirt

$169.00
$285.00














multi color






foglia sport shirt
foglia sport shirt

$169.00
$295.00







sale sport coats

sale sport coats
view all >


sale sweaters

sale sweaters
view all >


sale sportshirts

sale sportshirts
view all >


sale outerwear

sale outerwear
view all >


our history




our history
in 1940 william maus, sr. and frank hoffman started a clothing business founded on a simple maxim: "always offer the best." and over 80 years later, we are still doing just that.

from our beginnings in michigan to our current florida stores, catalogs and website, we have always offered only the finest clothing for men and women. many of our offerings are exclusives, born of long relationships with small companies in italy, britain and america. always family-owned, our company remains dedicated to quality and service. it’s in the dna.














our stores





naples



palm beach



fort lauderdale



vero beach







customer service

my account
our stores
returns and exchanges
shipping
request a catalog
digital catalogs
terms and conditions
privacy policy
cookie policy



contacts

info@mausandhoffman.com
800 628 6287








digital catalog



e-mail signup

enter your email for early sale notices, web-only special offers, new items and more!


subscribe






© 2025 maus and hoffman. all rights reserved



























this is a dialog window which overlays the main content of the page. the modal begins with a heading called "save 10%". pressing the close modal link at the bottom of the modal will close the modal and bring you back to where you were on the page.


save 10%
on yourfirst order


sign up for our weekly newsletter and receive 10% off your first order








email sign-up




sign up


close



this site uses cookies to improve your shopping experience. by signing up you consent to our cookie/privacy policy and agree to receiving our emails.













  


please ensure javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility













