


  

live forex analysis, currency rates, economic calendar, technical forecast, fundamental news, free trading signals. best. usd dollar, eur euro, jpy yen, gbp pound, chf swiss franc, cad canadian dollar, aud australian dollar, nzd new zealand dollar



























































 



































facebook





mail





rss





twitter

 








markets

live comments
currencies

usd
eur
jpy
gbp
chf
cad
aud
nzd


top movers
currency heat map
action bias
pivot points

standard pivot points
fibonacci pivot points
camarilla pivot points
woodie’s pivot points
demark’s pivot points
pivot point forumlas


pivot meters
volatility charts


action insight

weekly report


analysis

all reports
fundamental analysis
technical analysis
in-depth research


tech outlook

eurusd outlook
usdjpy outlook
gbpusd outlook
usdchf outlook
audusd outlook
usdcad outlook
eurjpy outlook
gbpjpy outlook
eurgbp outlook
euraud outlook
eurchf outlook


education

free forex ebooks

technical analysis
chart patterns
technical indicators
fibonacci analysis
candlesticks analysis
ichimoko analysis
ichimoko strategies


forex tutorials

forex basics
forex market analysis
technical analysis 101
fundamental analysis 101
risk management 101
trading psychology 101
trading academy


articles

forex trading
trading psychology
trading strategies


forex courses
forex training


calendar
more

central banks

federal reserve
european central bank
bank of japan
bank of england
swiss national bank
bank of canada
reserve bank of australia
reserve bank of new zealand


pivot point calculator
fibonacci calculator


 











search

















                sun, feb 16, 2025 @ 23:32 gmt
            

contact us
newsletters
















facebook





mail





rss





twitter

 






sign in
welcome! log into your account


your username
your password


forgot your password? get help
privacy policy


password recovery
recover your password


your email


a password will be e-mailed to you.














 

action forex

 
markets

live comments
currencies

usd
eur
jpy
gbp
chf
cad
aud
nzd


top movers
currency heat map
action bias
pivot points

standard pivot points
fibonacci pivot points
camarilla pivot points
woodie’s pivot points
demark’s pivot points
pivot point forumlas


pivot meters
volatility charts


action insight

 
allweekly report


 weekly report 

dollar at crossroads: rebound possible, but bearish risks intensify 




 market overview 

dollar slides as markets cheer tariff delay, kiwi surges on manufacturing… 




 market overview 

dollar muted despite strong ppi, awaits reciprocal tariffs 




 market overview 

dollar momentum fades as uk gdp takes center stage 

 


analysis

all reports
fundamental analysis
technical analysis
in-depth research


tech outlook

eurusd outlook
usdjpy outlook
gbpusd outlook
usdchf outlook
audusd outlook
usdcad outlook
eurjpy outlook
gbpjpy outlook
eurgbp outlook
euraud outlook
eurchf outlook


education

free forex ebooks

technical analysis
chart patterns
technical indicators
fibonacci analysis
candlesticks analysis
ichimoko analysis
ichimoko strategies


forex tutorials

forex basics
forex market analysis
technical analysis 101
fundamental analysis 101
risk management 101
trading psychology 101
trading academy


articles

forex trading
trading psychology
trading strategies


forex courses
forex training


calendar
more

central banks

federal reserve
european central bank
bank of japan
bank of england
swiss national bank
bank of canada
reserve bank of australia
reserve bank of new zealand


pivot point calculator
fibonacci calculator























 











top movers
heat map
action bias
pivot points

trending now

dollar at crossroads: rebound possible, but bearish risks intensify


the weekly bottom line: hot cpi + trade uncertainties = extended fed pause


what next: rba and rbnz rates and flash pmis


weekly economic & financial commentary: fomc in no hurry


canada’s headline inflation growth to slow again on tax holiday


week ahead – fed minutes, rba and rbnz decisions in focus


weekly focus – still waiting for political clarity


us: retail sales decline in january  


swiss franc soars as trump pushes off tariffs


nz dollar extends gains after strong mfg. data




markets snapshot







































currency heat map
d usd  eur  jpy  gbp  chf usd      eur      jpy      gbp      chf      cad      aud      nzd      updated: feb 16  23:25 gmt




action bias



 

h 
6h
d
w

eurusdusdjpygbpusdusdchfusdcadaudusdnzdusdupdated feb 16 23:27 gmt



pivot points












































action insight



weekly report  

dollar at crossroads: rebound possible, but bearish risks intensify


 actionforex.com -  feb 15 25, 14:34 gmt 

dollar closed the week broadly lower, with the only exception being its slight gains against the even weaker yen. risk-on sentiment dominated global markets,...







 

dollar slides as markets cheer tariff delay, kiwi surges on manufacturing rebound


feb 14 25, 04:05 gmt 







 

dollar muted despite strong ppi, awaits reciprocal tariffs


feb 13 25, 14:28 gmt 







 

dollar momentum fades as uk gdp takes center stage


feb 13 25, 04:52 gmt 







 

dollar surges as hot inflation data solidifies prolonged fed pause, yields surge


feb 12 25, 14:07 gmt 










 
free forex ebooks download



quick comments





nz bnz manufacturing rises to 51.4, first expansion in nearly two... 
feb 14 25, 01:44 gmt 


 




s&p 500 nears record high as trump’s reciprocal tariff plan delays... 
feb 14 25, 01:35 gmt 


 





us initial jobless claims falls to 213k vs exp 221k 
feb 13 25, 13:51 gmt 


 




us ppi up 0.3% mom, 3.5% yoy in jan, above expectations 
feb 13 25, 13:46 gmt 


 





eurozone industrial production falls -1.1% mom in dec, eu down -0.8%... 
feb 13 25, 10:48 gmt 


 




swiss inflation softens again as cpi slows to 0.4% in jan 
feb 13 25, 07:49 gmt 


 load more tech outlook





eur/usd weekly outlook 
feb 15 25, 14:25 gmt 


 




usd/jpy weekly outlook 
feb 15 25, 14:20 gmt 


 





gbp/usd weekly outlook 
feb 15 25, 14:15 gmt 


 




usd/chf weekly outlook 
feb 15 25, 14:11 gmt 


 





aud/usd weekly report 
feb 15 25, 14:04 gmt 


 




usd/cad weekly outlook 
feb 15 25, 13:57 gmt 


 





gbp/jpy weekly outlook 
feb 15 25, 13:43 gmt 


 




eur/jpy weekly outlook 
feb 15 25, 13:39 gmt 


 





eur/gbp weekly outlook 
feb 15 25, 13:33 gmt 


 




eur/aud weekly outlook 
feb 15 25, 13:29 gmt 


  

featured analysis reports



 

the weekly bottom line: hot cpi + trade uncertainties = extended fed pause


 td bank financial group -  feb 15 25, 01:03 gmt 







 

what next: rba and rbnz rates and flash pmis


 fxpro -  feb 14 25, 17:18 gmt 







 

weekly economic & financial commentary: fomc in no hurry


 wells fargo securities -  feb 14 25, 17:13 gmt 







 

canada’s headline inflation growth to slow again on tax holiday


 rbc financial group -  feb 14 25, 17:11 gmt 




load more

 
latest analysis reportsallfundamental analysistechnical analysismore



the weekly bottom line: hot cpi + trade uncertainties = extended fed pausetd bank financial group - feb 15 25, 01:03 gmt 





what next: rba and rbnz rates and flash pmisfxpro - feb 14 25, 17:18 gmt 





weekly economic & financial commentary: fomc in no hurrywells fargo securities - feb 14 25, 17:13 gmt 





canada’s headline inflation growth to slow again on tax holidayrbc financial group - feb 14 25, 17:11 gmt 





week ahead – fed minutes, rba and rbnz decisions in focusxm.com - feb 14 25, 15:16 gmt 





weekly focus – still waiting for political claritydanske bank - feb 14 25, 15:12 gmt 





sunset market commentarykbc bank - feb 14 25, 15:09 gmt 





us: retail sales decline in january  td bank financial group - feb 14 25, 15:07 gmt 





swiss franc soars as trump pushes off tariffsmarketpulse - feb 14 25, 15:06 gmt 





nz dollar extends gains after strong mfg. datamarketpulse - feb 14 25, 12:12 gmt 


load moretopicsusdunited stateseurgbpjpyeurozonestocksgoldoilunited kingdomaudchinafedcadaustraliajapanecbcanadachfyieldsgermanynzdeuropean unionbrexitbitcoinnew zealandrbabojwti crudeboetrade warweeklybocin-depthsilverxaudxyswissdaxrbnz

in-depth reports



 

u.k.: slow growth, lingering inflation, gradual rate cuts


 wells fargo securities -  feb 13 25, 16:11 gmt 







 

rbnz preview: another large step towards the neutral zone


 westpac banking corporation -  feb 13 25, 16:03 gmt 







 

xi-trump call cancelled, 10% tariff just ‘opening salvo’, chinese stocks rallying


 danske bank -  feb 07 25, 15:26 gmt 







 

bank of england review – gradual quarterly cuts remain our base case


 danske bank -  feb 06 25, 15:35 gmt 




load more



















forex tutorials



forex market analysis  

01 – fundamental analysis overview


 vantage fx -  







trading psychology 101  

00 – trading psychology 101


 ic markets -  







risk management 101  

00 – risk management 101


 ic markets -  







fundamental analysis 101  

00 – a beginner’s guide to fundamental analysis


 ic markets -  







technical analysis 101  

00 – a beginner’s guide to technical analysis


 ic markets -  







forex basics  

01 – how to start trading in 4 easy steps


 octa -  







forex trading 



forex trading  

inside the forex market: searching for black swans?


 orbex -  







what cpi is and how to trade inflation data


 orbex -  







forex forecasts: basic forex forecasting techniques


 admiral -  







including fundamental analysis in your trading


 ic markets -  







what is the gdp report and how it impacts forex markets


 orbex -  






trading psychology



trading psychology  

how to become a forward-thinking forex trader


 titan fx -  







what does fearful money mean to traders?


 ic markets -  







3 steps to building a winning mindset for successful trading


 orbex -  







combatting the dreaded analysis paralysis


 ic markets -  







a trade or a gamble?


 actionforex.com -  






trading strategies



trading strategies  

how to trade pullbacks with 5 key technical tools


 fxassure -  







is it possible to double your money each day by trading?


 justforex -  







best forex scalping method


 justforex -  







how long can i hold the position in forex trading?


 justforex -  







why do support and resistance levels break?


 orbex -  




 
 












actionforex.com was set up back in 2004 with the aim to provide insightful analysis to forex traders, serving the trading community for over a decade. empowering the individual traders was, is, and will always be our motto going forward.

contact us: contact@actionforex.com

facebookmailrsstwitter




 © actionforex.com © 2025 all rights reserved. 


about us
advertising
rss
newsletters
contact us
disclaimers
privacy policy
 




 



































