















james kobielus' blog














skip to main  |
      skip to sidebar






james kobielus' blog



content to be content.












thursday, december 17, 2020







kobielus thought leadership posts in 2020





predictions for cloud computing in 2021https://www.infoworld.com/article/3601731/predictions-for-cloud-computing-in-2021.html predictions for ai in 2021https://www.informationweek.com/big-data/ai-machine-learning/predictions-for-ai-in-2021/a/d-id/1339662? reconciling political beliefs with career ambitionshttps://www.infoworld.com/article/3599208/reconciling-political-beliefs-with-career-ambitions.html anti-adversarial machine learning defenses start to take roothttps://www.infoworld.com/article/3596596/anti-adversarial-machine-learning-defenses-start-to-take-root.html predicting how biden might tackle tech policyhttps://www.informationweek.com/strategic-cio/predicting-how-biden-might-tackle-tech-policy/a/d-id/1339467? nvidia pushes into a wider application ecosystemhttps://www.infoworld.com/article/3587769/nvidia-pushes-into-a-wider-application-ecosystem.html the upside to deepfake technologyhttps://www.informationweek.com/big-data/ai-machine-learning/the-upside-to-deepfake-technology-/a/d-id/1339254? looking into the post-2020 future of big techhttps://www.infoworld.com/article/3586797/looking-into-the-post-2020-future-of-big-tech.html ai governance rises to the top of the stackhttps://www.datanami.com/2020/10/13/ai-governance-rises-to-the-top-of-the-stack/ limits of ai to stop disinformation during election seasonhttps://www.informationweek.com/big-data/ai-machine-learning/limits-of-ai-to-stop-disinformation-during-election-season/a/d-id/1339012 microsoft’s innovative new tools for the ‘new normal’https://www.infoworld.com/article/3584139/microsofts-innovative-new-tools-for-the-new-normal.html how nvidia’s arm acquisition will drive ai to every edgehttps://www.infoworld.com/article/3575396/how-nvidias-arm-acquisition-will-drive-ai-to-every-edge.html using robotics and immersive technologies to support work-from-home employeeshttps://www.infoworld.com/article/3572346/using-robotics-and-immersive-technologies-to-support-work-from-home-employees.html the coming tech schism in the post-pandemic workplacehttps://www.informationweek.com/strategic-cio/the-coming-tech-schism-in-the-post-pandemic-workplace/a/d-id/1338762  big tech faces intense political pressure in an election yearhttps://www.infoworld.com/article/3570447/big-tech-faces-intense-political-pressure-in-an-election-year.html is the carbon footprint of ai too big?https://www.infoworld.com/article/3568680/is-the-carbon-footprint-of-ai-too-big.html will facial recognition thrive in the post-pandemic economy?https://www.informationweek.com/big-data/ai-machine-learning/will-facial-recognition-thrive-in-the-post-pandemic-economy/a/d-id/1338491? the sweet spot for robotic process automation in the covid-19 responsehttps://www.infoworld.com/article/3567191/identifying-the-sweet-spot-for-robotic-process-automation-in-the-response-to-covid-19.html robotics will prevail over other tech sectors post-pandemichttps://www.informationweek.com/strategic-cio/executive-insights-and-innovation/robotics-will-prevail-over-other-tech-sectors-post-pandemic/a/d-id/1338312? social engineering hacks weaken cybersecurity during the pandemichttps://www.infoworld.com/article/3565197/social-engineering-hacks-weaken-cybersecurity-during-the-pandemic.html how ai is enabling predictive containment managementhttps://www.rtinsights.com/how-ai-is-enabling-predictive-containment-management/  how ai is enabling pervasive biosensinghttps://www.rtinsights.com/how-ai-is-enabling-pervasive-biosensing/  how ai is powering social distancing for digital business transformationhttps://www.rtinsights.com/ai-powers-social-distancing-enabling-digital-transformation/ which tech companies will survive the pandemic-triggered recession?https://www.infoworld.com/article/3562350/which-tech-companies-will-survive-the-pandemic-triggered-recession.html quantum ai is still years from enterprise prime timehttps://www.infoworld.com/article/3546010/quantum-ai-is-still-years-from-enterprise-prime-time.html will contact-tracing apps win the battle?https://www.informationweek.com/big-data/will-contact-tracing-apps-win-the-battle--/a/d-id/1337809? interview with robert sutor, vp for quantum ecosystem development, ibm researchhttps://www.insidequantumtechnology.com/news/interview-with-robert-sutor-vp-for-quantum-ecosystem-development-ibm-research/ how data, ai, and iot will shape the post-coronavirus ‘new normal’https://www.infoworld.com/article/3543770/how-data-ai-and-iot-will-shape-the-post-coronavirus-new-normal.html quantum ai in the 2020s and beyond: what ibm is doinghttps://www.rtinsights.com/quantum-ai-2020s-and-beyond-what-ibm-is-doing/ information technology’s pivotal role in the post-pandemic new normalhttps://www.linkedin.com/pulse/information-technologys-pivotal-role-post-pandemic-new-james-kobielus/?published=t aiops in the post-coronavirus new normal: where ibm’s headinghttps://www.rtinsights.com/aiops-in-the-post-coronavirus-new-normal-where-ibms-heading/ gpipe and pipedream: scaling ai training in every directionhttps://www.infoworld.com/article/3539741/innovating-distributed-ai-training-in-every-direction.html business continuity in the covid-19 emergency: how ibm is respondinghttps://www.rtinsights.com/covid-19-business-continuity-how-ibm-is-responding/ advancing ai with neuromorphic computing platformshttps://www.informationweek.com/big-data/ai-machine-learning/advancing-ai-with-neuromorphic-computing-platforms/a/d-id/1337587 coding together apart: software development after covid-19https://www.infoworld.com/article/3537168/coding-together-apart-software-development-after-covid-19.html must data privacy take a back seat during the coronavirus panic?https://www.datanami.com/2020/04/28/data-privacy-is-on-the-defensive-during-the-coronavirus-panic/https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/must-data-privacy-take-back-seat-during-coronavirus-panic-kobielus/?published=t cybersecurity issues are growing more acute under the covid-19 emergencyhttps://www.linkedin.com/pulse/cybersecurity-issues-growing-more-acute-under-james-kobielus/?published=t how many ai application development frameworks are too many?https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/how-many-ai-application-development-frameworks-too-james-kobielus/?published=t enterprise ai goes mainstream, but maturity must waithttps://www.informationweek.com/big-data/ai-machine-learning/enterprise-ai-goes-mainstream-but-maturity-must-wait/a/d-id/1337428? ai model assurance keeps intelligent apps from running off the railshttps://www.linkedin.com/pulse/ai-model-assurance-keeps-intelligent-apps-from-running-james-kobielus/?published=t rethinking edge computing while pandemic is in the forefront of global consciousnesshttps://www.linkedin.com/pulse/rethinking-edge-computing-while-pandemic-forefront-global-kobielus/?published=t tracking the impact of the covid-19 emergency on the tech sectorhttps://www.linkedin.com/pulse/tracking-impact-covid-19-emergency-tech-sector-james-kobielus/?published=t tensorflow deepens its advantages in the ai modeling warshttps://www.infoworld.com/article/3534474/tensorflow-deepens-its-advantages-in-the-ai-modeling-wars.html triaging which tech vendors will survive the covid-19 pandemic and likely aftermath recessionhttps://www.linkedin.com/pulse/triaging-which-tech-vendors-survive-covid-19-pandemic-james-kobielus/?published=t making ai’s arcane neural networks accessiblehttps://futurumresearch.com/data-scientists-in-hot-demand-will-automation-change-that/ how ai can potentially be used in the battle against pandemicshttps://futurumresearch.com/how-to-use-ai-in-a-pandemic/ mitigating the risks of the ai black boxhttps://futurumresearch.com/machine-learning-mitigating-the-risks-of-the-ai-black-box/ microsoft research ai ethics checklist crafts principles for designing ai devops processeshttps://futurumresearch.com/microsoft-research-ai-ethics-checklist/ artificial intelligence predictions for 2020https://futurumresearch.com/ai-predictions-for-2020/ superwise.ai addresses growing enterprise need for ai model assurancehttps://futurumresearch.com/superwise-ai-addresses-growing-enterprise-need-for-ai-model-assurance/ ai companies plant the seeds for quantum machine learninghttps://www.infoworld.com/article/3532436/ai-companies-plant-the-seeds-for-quantum-machine-learning.html google’s tensorflow quantum is a key industry milestone in machine learning accelerationhttps://futurumresearch.com/googles-tensorflow-quantum-is-a-key-industry-milestone/ boutique clouds rise on multicloud and microserviceshttps://futurumresearch.com/boutique-clouds-rise-on-multicloud-and-microservices/ google cloud and at&t team to build 5g edge computing solutionshttps://futurumresearch.com/google-cloud-and-att-team-to-build-5g-edge-computing-solutions/ nvidia acquisition of swiftstack facilitates cloud-to-edge data management for ai and hpchttps://futurumresearch.com/nvidia-acquisition-of-swiftstack-facilitates-cloud-to-edge-data-management-for-ai-and-hpc/ bmc strengthens aiops through compuware acquisitionhttps://futurumresearch.com/bmc-strengthens-aiops-through-compuware-acquisition/ deepfake technology loses its stigma amid socially redeeming useshttps://futurumresearch.com/deepfake-technology-ecosystem/ algorithmia integrates ai model governance with gitopshttps://futurumresearch.com/algorithmia-integrates-ai-model-governance-with-gitops the retirement of dawnbench — what’s next for benchmarking the next gen infrastructure for industrialized data sciencehttps://futurumresearch.com/the-retirement-of-dawnbench-whats-next-for-benchmarking-the-next-gen-infrastructure/ boosting ai’s smarts in the absence of training datahttps://www.infoworld.com/article/3529871/boosting-ais-smarts-in-the-absence-of-training-data.html with the rise of pytorch, tensorflow’s deep learning dominance may be waninghttps://futurumresearch.com/pytorch-tensorflow-deep-learning-dominance-may-be-waning/ engineering tiny machine learning for the edgehttps://www.informationweek.com/big-data/ai-machine-learning/engineering-tiny-machine-learning-for-the-edge/a/d-id/1336972? nvidia’s geforce now launches — streaming cloud gaming taking on google and othershttps://futurumresearch.com/nvidias-geforce-now-launches-taking-on-google-and-others/ alphabet’s fiscal q4 and year-end 2019 results show strong growth under competitive pressurehttps://futurumresearch.com/alphabets-fiscal-q4-and-year-end-2019-results-show-growth/ ibm post-rometty — the immediate future lies in multi-cloud aiopshttps://futurumresearch.com/ibm-post-rometty-the-immediate-future-lies-in-multi-cloud-aiops/ launchable draws on devops to deliver ai-powered software test automationhttps://futurumresearch.com/launchable-draws-on-devops-to-deliver-ai-powered-software-test-automation/ keeping your enterprise ai expertise up to speedhttps://www.infoworld.com/article/3518475/keeping-your-enterprise-ai-expertise-up-to-speed.html how credible are the white house’s ai regulation principles?https://www.informationweek.com/big-data/ai-machine-learning/how-credible-are-the-white-houses-ai-regulation-principles/a/d-id/1336858? apple’s acquisition of xnor.ai aims to deliver tinyml to edge deviceshttps://futurumresearch.com/apples-acquisition-of-xnor-ai-aims-to-deliver-tinyml-to-edge-devices/ aws releases autogluon, an innovative open-source tooling for automated machine learninghttps://futurumresearch.com/aws-releases-autogluon-an-innovative-open-source-tooling-for-automated-machine-learning/ democratizing the optimization of ai’s arcane neural networkshttps://www.infoworld.com/article/3514568/democratizing-the-optimization-of-ais-arcane-neural-networks.html ces 2020: making sense of the glut of innovation on displayhttps://futurumresearch.com/ces-2020-making-sense-of-the-glut-of-innovation-on-display/ ces 2020: consumer-facing opportunities accelerate evolution of the ai devops toolchainhttps://futurumresearch.com/ces-2020-consumer-facing-opportunities-accelerate-evolution-of-the-ai-devops-toolchain/ predictions for cloud computing in 2020https://www.informationweek.com/cloud/predictions-for-cloud-computing-in-2020 ces 2020: it might as well stand for connected ecosystems showcasehttps://futurumresearch.com/ces-2020-it-might-as-well-stand-for-connected-ecosystems-showcase/ ces 2020: announcements at intel’s news conferencehttps://futurumresearch.com/ces-2020-announcements-at-intels-news-conference/ mitigating the risks of ai transparency in the next decadehttps://www.infoworld.com/article/3512060/mitigating-the-risks-of-ai-transparency-in-the-next-decade.html 





posted by



james kobielus




at

7:21 am


























friday, december 13, 2019







kobielus thought leadership posts in 2019












how applying labels and other tactics keeps ai transparent

https://www.informationweek.com/big-data/ai-machine-learning/how-applying-labels-and-other-tactics-keep-ai-transparent/a/d-id/1336540?



public cloud workloads take root in the boutiques

https://www.infoworld.com/article/3455251/public-cloud-workloads-take-root-in-the-boutiques.html



how 5g will serve ai and vice versa

https://www.datanami.com/2019/12/10/how-5g-will-serve-ai-and-vice-versa/



gpus continue to dominate the ai accelerator market for now

http://www.informationweek.com/big-data/ai-machine-learning/gpus-continue-to-dominate-the-ai-accelerator-market-for-now/a/d-id/1336475?



shining open source transparency on the roots of trusted
hardware

https://www.infoworld.com/article/3454917/shining-open-source-transparency-on-the-roots-of-trusted-hardware.html



at tableau conference, ai drives the business intelligence
experience but salesforce integration remains awol

https://wikibon.com/tableau-conference-ai-drives-business-intelligence-experience-salesforce-integration-remains-awol/

https://siliconangle.com/2019/11/14/tableau-conference-ai-drives-business-intelligence-experience-salesforce-integration-remains-awol/



neural architecture search could tune ai’s algorithmic heart

http://www.informationweek.com/big-data/ai-machine-learning/neural-architecture-search-could-tune-ais-algorithmic-heart/a/d-id/1336275?



handicapping the ai modeling horse race

https://www.infoworld.com/article/3451896/handicapping-the-ai-modeling-horse-race.html



at ignite, microsoft convincingly addresses the multicloud
imperative

https://wikibon.com/ignite-microsoft-convincingly-addresses-multicloud-imperative/

https://siliconangle.com/2019/11/06/ignite-microsoft-convincingly-addresses-multicloud-imperative/



will data gravity favor the cloud or the edge?

https://www.infoworld.com/article/3448076/will-data-gravity-favor-the-cloud-or-the-edge.html



at evolve, asg debuts low-code tooling for digital process
automation

https://wikibon.com/evolve-asg-debuts-low-code-tooling-digital-process-automation/

https://siliconangle.com/2019/10/23/evolve-asg-debuts-low-code-tooling-digital-process-automation/



ai keeps buggy code from crashing the cloud

https://www.informationweek.com/big-data/ai-machine-learning/ai-keeps-buggy-code-from-crashing-the-cloud/a/d-id/1336004?



as hadoop wanes, cloudera aims to accelerate multicloud data
science pipelines

https://wikibon.com/hadoop-wanes-cloudera-aims-accelerate-multicloud-data-science-pipelines/

https://siliconangle.com/2019/09/24/hadoop-wanes-cloudera-aims-accelerate-multicloud-data-science-pipelines/



at openworld, oracle struggles to move the cloud needle its
way

https://wikibon.com/openworld-oracle-struggles-move-cloud-needle-way/

https://siliconangle.com/2019/09/18/openworld-oracle-struggles-move-cloud-needle-way/



next-generation virtual machines will help power multicloud
computing

https://wikibon.com/next-generation-virtual-machines-will-help-power-multicloud-computing/

https://siliconangle.com/2019/09/05/surprise-next-generation-virtual-machines-will-help-power-multicloud-computing/



at vmworld, vmware bets big on convergence of virtual
machines and containers

https://wikibon.com/vmworld-vmware-bets-big-convergence-virtual-machines-containers/

https://siliconangle.com/2019/08/27/vmworld-vmware-bets-big-convergence-virtual-machines-containers




company profile: h20.ai sprinkles in new risk mitigation
features

https://wikibon.com/company-profile-h20-ai-sprinkles-new-risk-mitigation-features/

https://siliconangle.com/2019/08/20/company-profile-h2o-ai-sprinkles-new-risk-mitigation-features/



vmware’s ‘switzerland’ cloud partnership strategy will be a
key focus at upcoming vmworld

https://wikibon.com/vmwares-switzerland-cloud-partnership-strategy-will-key-focus-upcoming-vmworld/

https://siliconangle.com/2019/08/07/vmwares-switzerland-cloud-partnership-strategy-will-key-focus-upcoming-vmworld/



how long will it remain a viable career in the age of aiops?

https://www.dataversity.net/how-long-will-it-remain-a-viable-career-in-the-age-of-aiops/



the dangers of demonizing ai

https://www.informationweek.com/big-data/ai-machine-learning/the-dangers-of-demonizing-ai/a/d-id/1335216



the hybrid cloud arena hits an inflection point

https://wikibon.com/hybrid-cloud-arena-reaches-inflection-point/

https://siliconangle.com/2019/07/11/hybrid-cloud-computing-reaches-inflection-point/



at identiverse, exploring the challenges of building an
identity control plane for the multicloud

https://wikibon.com/identiverse-exploring-challenges-building-identity-control-plane-multicloud/

https://siliconangle.com/2019/06/27/identiverse-exploring-challenges-building-identity-control-plane-multicloud/



the data lake is becoming the new data warehouse

https://www.infoworld.com/article/3405443/how-the-data-lake-is-becoming-the-next-gen-data-warehouse.html



ai-powered security: lulling us into misplaced confidence?

https://www.informationweek.com/big-data/ai-machine-learning/ai-powered-security-lulling-us-into-misplaced-confidence/a/d-id/1335047?



mongodb grows its solution portfolio while boosting its
flagship platform

https://wikibon.com/mongodb-grows-solution-portfolio-boosting-flagship-platform/

https://siliconangle.com/2019/06/18/mongodb-grows-solution-portfolio-boosting-flagship-platform/



at aws public sector summit, amazon braces for a changing
cloud industry

https://wikibon.com/aws-public-sector-summit-amazon-braces-changing-cloud-industry/

https://siliconangle.com/2019/06/12/aws-public-sector-summit-amazon-braces-changing-cloud-industry/



how to provide single-pane visibility across the business
multicloud

https://wikibon.com/provide-single-pane-visibility-across-business-multicloud/

https://siliconangle.com/2019/06/12/provide-single-pane-visibility-across-business-multicloud/




giving devops teeth to crunch down on ai ethics governance

https://www.datanami.com/2019/06/04/giving-devops-teeth-to-crunch-down-on-ai-ethics-governance/



at pegaworld, pega provides citizen developers with
compliance guardrails

https://wikibon.com/pegaworld-pega-provides-citizen-developers-compliance-guardrails/

https://siliconangle.com/2019/06/04/pegaworld-pega-provides-citizen-developers-compliance-guardrails/



wrapping a collaborative control plane around multicloud
management

https://wikibon.com/wrapping-collaborative-control-plane-around-multicloud-management/

https://siliconangle.com/2019/05/31/managing-multicloud-will-require-lots-ai-people/



at informatica world, ai automates delivery of smart
recommendations for hybrid-cloud data operations

https://wikibon.com/informatica-world-ai-automates-delivery-smart-recommendations-hybrid-cloud-data-operations/

https://siliconangle.com/2019/05/22/informatica-world-ai-automates-delivery-smart-recommendations-hybrid-cloud-data-operations/



at red hat summit, automation of hybrid cloud management
steps to the forefront

https://wikibon.com/red-hat-summit-automation-hybrid-cloud-management-steps-forefront/

https://siliconangle.com/2019/05/09/red-hat-summit-automation-hybrid-cloud-management-steps-forefront/



microsoft pushes the intelligent edge forward at build

https://wikibon.com/microsoft-pushes-intelligent-edge-forward-build/

https://siliconangle.com/2019/05/06/microsoft-pushes-intelligent-edge-forward-build/



at dell tech world, data protection provides strategic
leverage in the hybrid-cloud wars

https://wikibon.com/dell-tech-world-data-protection-provides-strategic-leverage-hybrid-cloud-wars/

https://siliconangle.com/2019/04/30/dell-tech-world-data-protection-provides-strategic-leverage-hybrid-cloud-wars/



what are developers looking for in multicloud programming?
simplicity.

https://wikibon.com/developers-looking-multicloud-programming-simplicity/

https://siliconangle.com/2019/04/23/developers-seek-simplicity-multicloud-programming/



how multicloud cost models are shifting

https://wikibon.com/multicloud-cost-models-shifting/

https://siliconangle.com/2019/04/18/multicloud-cost-models-shifting/



data analytics assure quality care by regional nursing home
operator

https://wikibon.com/data-analytics-assure-quality-care-regional-nursing-home-operator/

https://siliconangle.com/2019/04/16/regional-nursing-home-operator-assures-quality-care-data-analytics/



wrapping up next, google pushes multiclouds to top of
customers’ it strategies

https://wikibon.com/wrapping-next-google-pushes-multiclouds-top-customers-strategies/

https://siliconangle.com/2019/04/12/wrapping-next-google-pushes-multiclouds-top-customers-strategies/



cloud next day two wrap: google makes a strong developer
push

https://wikibon.com/cloud-next-day-two-wrap-google-makes-strong-developer-push/

https://siliconangle.com/2019/04/11/cloud-next-day-two-wrap-google-makes-strong-developer-push/



day one wrap at next: multicloud stars as google cloud opens
up its strategy

https://wikibon.com/day-one-wrap-next-multicloud-stars-google-cloud-opens-strategy/

https://siliconangle.com/2019/04/09/day-one-wrap-next-multicloud-stars-google-cloud-opens-strategy



hardware orientation: asset or liability for it vendors in
the multicloud era?

https://wikibon.com/hardware-orientation-asset-liability-vendors-multicloud-era/

https://siliconangle.com/2019/04/12/multicloud-era-hardware-asset-liability-providers/



the challenge of ensuring effective security across the
multicloud

https://wikibon.com/challenge-ensuring-effective-security-across-multicloud/

https://siliconangle.com/2019/04/05/challenge-ensuring-effective-security-across-multicloud/



at flink forward, ververica evolves apache flink into a
unified data platform

https://wikibon.com/flink-forward-ververica-evolves-apache-flink-unified-data-platform/

https://siliconangle.com/2019/04/03/flink-forward-ververica-evolves-apache-flink-unified-data-platform/



on the verge of next ’19, google must double down on cloud
applications

https://wikibon.com/verge-next-19-google-must-double-cloud-applications/

https://siliconangle.com/2019/04/01/verge-next-19-google-must-double-cloud-applications/



mesh madness: the flattening of multicloud networking

https://wikibon.com/mesh-madness-flattening-multicloud-networking/

 https://siliconangle.com/2019/03/28/mesh-madness-flattening-multicloud-networking/



looking ahead to next ’19, google puts ai at the center of
cloud hyperscaling

https://wikibon.com/looking-ahead-next-19-google-puts-ai-center-cloud-hyperscaling/

https://siliconangle.com/2019/03/25/looking-ahead-next-19-google-puts-ai-center-cloud-hyperscaling/



how ai is automating multicloud management

https://wikibon.com/ai-automating-multicloud-management/

https://siliconangle.com/2019/03/22/ai-automating-multicloud-management/



as next ’19 approaches, google confronts strategic
challenges in the cloud

https://wikibon.com/next-19-approaches-google-confronts-strategic-challenges-cloud/

https://siliconangle.com/2019/03/17/next-19-approaches-google-confronts-strategic-challenges-cloud/



security built in: at rsa conference, cybersecurity
intersects with devops

https://wikibon.com/security-built-rsa-conference-cybersecurity-intersects-devops/


https://siliconangle.com/2019/03/07/security-built-rsa-conference-cybersecurity-intersects-devops/




at rsa conference, look for ‘post-perimeter’ security to
dominate

https://wikibon.com/rsa-conference-look-post-perimeter-security-dominate/


https://siliconangle.com/2019/03/05/rsa-conference-look-post-perimeter-security-dominate/




google enters the hybrid cloud arena with a promising,
albeit still-beta, offering

https://wikibon.com/google-enters-hybrid-cloud-arena-promising-albeit-still-beta-offering/



at think 2019, ibm brings ai to the multicloud but confronts
formidable challenges

https://wikibon.com/think-2019-ibm-brings-ai-multicloud-confronts-formidable-challenges/


https://siliconangle.com/2019/02/20/think-2019-ibm-brings-ai-multicloud-confronts-formidable-challenges/




let’s accept that ai leadership is everywhere

https://www.datanami.com/2019/02/13/lets-accept-that-ai-leadership-is-everywhere/




how to manage full-spectrum devops that spans multiple
clouds

https://techbeacon.com/devops/how-manage-full-spectrum-devops-spans-multiple-clouds




recapping
the think 2019 “journey to cloud” community crowdchat

https://wikibon.com/recapping-think-2019-journey-cloud-community-crowdchat/


https://siliconangle.com/2019/01/31/recapping-think-2019-journey-cloud-community-crowdchat/




at cisco live, executives discuss strategic directions in
multicloud networking

https://wikibon.com/cisco-live-executives-discuss-strategic-directions-multicloud-networking/


https://siliconangle.com/2019/01/31/cisco-live-executives-discuss-strategic-directions-multicloud-networking/




at cisco live, agile programmability builds and governs
multicloud applications

https://wikibon.com/cisco-live-agile-programmability-builds-governs-multicloud-applications/


https://siliconangle.com/2019/01/30/cisco-live-agile-programmability-builds-governs-multicloud-applications/




at cisco live, ai optimizes networking across the multicloud

https://wikibon.com/cisco-live-ai-optimizes-networking-across-multicloud/


https://siliconangle.com/2019/01/29/cisco-live-ai-optimizes-networking-across-multicloud/




knative may be the serverless computing standard you need

https://www.infoworld.com/article/3336164/serverless-computing/knative-may-be-the-serverless-computing-standard-you-need.html



training ai to save lives

https://www.informationweek.com/big-data/ai-machine-learning/training-ai-to-save-lives/a/d-id/1333719?




harnessing ai to power automated management of containerized
multiclouds

https://wikibon.com/harnessing-ai-power-automated-management-containerized-multiclouds/


https://siliconangle.com/2019/01/24/harnessing-ai-power-automated-management-containerized-multiclouds/




powering a multicloud world: a recap of wikibon’s cisco live
community crowdchat

https://wikibon.com/powering-multicloud-world-recap-wikibons-cisco-live-community-crowdchat/


https://siliconangle.com/2019/01/23/powering-multicloud-world-recap-wikibons-cisco-live-community-crowdchat/




virtualization is just getting warmed up
https://wikibon.com/virtualization-just-getting-warmed/


https://siliconangle.com/2019/01/18/virtualization-just-getting-warmed/




step by step, how enterprises should embark on the journey
to the cloud

https://wikibon.com/step-step-enterprises-embark-journey-cloud/


https://siliconangle.com/2019/01/18/step-step-enterprises-embark-journey-cloud/



using kubernetes to monitor and control the multicloud networking
fabric

https://wikibon.com/using-kubernetes-monitor-control-multicloud-networking-fabric/


https://siliconangle.com/2019/01/18/using-kubernetes-monitor-control-multicloud-networking-fabric/




recapping the think 2019 “journey to ai” community
crowdchat: ai everywhere
https://wikibon.com/recapping-think-2019-journey-ai-community-crowdchat-ai-everywhere/


https://siliconangle.com/2019/01/17/recapping-think-2019-journey-ai-community-crowdchat-ai-everywhere/




how to run high-performance kubernetes apps in the multicloud

https://wikibon.com/run-high-performance-kubernetes-apps-multicloud/


https://siliconangle.com/2019/01/11/run-high-performance-kubernetes-apps-multicloud/




implementing the enterprise journey to ai

https://wikibon.com/implementing-enterprise-journey-ai/


https://siliconangle.com/2019/01/10/implementing-enterprise-journey-ai-cloud/




digital assistants rule the show at ces 2019

https://wikibon.com/digital-assistants-rule-show-ces-2019/


https://siliconangle.com/2019/01/09/digital-assistants-rule-show-ces-2019/




at ces, robotics delivers ai into every corner of our lives

https://wikibon.com/ces-robotics-delivers-ai-every-corner-lives/


https://siliconangle.com/2019/01/08/ces-2019-robotics-delivers-ai-every-corner-lives/




predictions for big data analytics in 2019

 https://www.dataversity.net/predictions-for-big-data-analytics-in-2019/




at ces, look for an onslaught of ai-stoked digital wellness
products

https://wikibon.com/ces-look-onslaught-ai-stoked-digital-wellness-products/


https://siliconangle.com/2019/01/05/ces-look-onslaught-ai-stoked-digital-wellness-products/




predictions for application development in 2019

https://www.datanami.com/2019/01/03/predictions-for-application-development-in-2019/




predictions for edge computing in 2019

https://itknowledgeexchange.techtarget.com/it-watch-blog/predictions-for-edge-computing-in-2019/


https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/predictions-edge-computing-2019-james-kobielus/?published=t








posted by



james kobielus




at

8:56 am




























older posts

home




subscribe to:
posts (atom)






blog archive








        ▼ 
      



2020

(1)





        ▼ 
      



december

(1)

kobielus thought leadership posts in 2020










        ► 
      



2019

(3)





        ► 
      



december

(1)







        ► 
      



may

(1)







        ► 
      



march

(1)









        ► 
      



2018

(8)





        ► 
      



december

(2)







        ► 
      



november

(1)







        ► 
      



october

(1)







        ► 
      



july

(1)







        ► 
      



may

(1)







        ► 
      



march

(1)







        ► 
      



february

(1)









        ► 
      



2017

(12)





        ► 
      



december

(2)







        ► 
      



october

(1)







        ► 
      



august

(1)







        ► 
      



july

(1)







        ► 
      



june

(1)







        ► 
      



may

(1)







        ► 
      



april

(1)







        ► 
      



march

(2)







        ► 
      



february

(1)







        ► 
      



january

(1)









        ► 
      



2016

(20)





        ► 
      



december

(3)







        ► 
      



november

(1)







        ► 
      



october

(1)







        ► 
      



september

(2)







        ► 
      



august

(1)







        ► 
      



july

(1)







        ► 
      



may

(1)







        ► 
      



april

(2)







        ► 
      



march

(2)







        ► 
      



february

(2)







        ► 
      



january

(4)









        ► 
      



2015

(39)





        ► 
      



december

(2)







        ► 
      



november

(2)







        ► 
      



october

(2)







        ► 
      



september

(3)







        ► 
      



august

(3)







        ► 
      



july

(3)







        ► 
      



june

(2)







        ► 
      



may

(5)







        ► 
      



april

(4)







        ► 
      



march

(5)







        ► 
      



february

(3)







        ► 
      



january

(5)









        ► 
      



2014

(50)





        ► 
      



december

(5)







        ► 
      



november

(5)







        ► 
      



october

(4)







        ► 
      



september

(4)







        ► 
      



august

(5)







        ► 
      



july

(4)







        ► 
      



june

(5)







        ► 
      



may

(2)







        ► 
      



april

(3)







        ► 
      



march

(5)







        ► 
      



february

(3)







        ► 
      



january

(5)









        ► 
      



2013

(52)





        ► 
      



december

(4)







        ► 
      



november

(4)







        ► 
      



october

(4)







        ► 
      



september

(4)







        ► 
      



august

(5)







        ► 
      



july

(4)







        ► 
      



june

(4)







        ► 
      



may

(5)







        ► 
      



april

(4)







        ► 
      



march

(5)







        ► 
      



february

(5)







        ► 
      



january

(4)









        ► 
      



2012

(77)





        ► 
      



december

(5)







        ► 
      



november

(3)







        ► 
      



october

(4)







        ► 
      



september

(6)







        ► 
      



august

(5)







        ► 
      



july

(3)







        ► 
      



june

(5)







        ► 
      



may

(4)







        ► 
      



april

(4)







        ► 
      



march

(13)







        ► 
      



february

(6)







        ► 
      



january

(19)









        ► 
      



2011

(102)





        ► 
      



december

(8)







        ► 
      



november

(6)







        ► 
      



october

(10)







        ► 
      



september

(6)







        ► 
      



august

(9)







        ► 
      



july

(4)







        ► 
      



june

(13)







        ► 
      



may

(8)







        ► 
      



april

(10)







        ► 
      



march

(9)







        ► 
      



february

(10)







        ► 
      



january

(9)









        ► 
      



2010

(164)





        ► 
      



december

(8)







        ► 
      



november

(9)







        ► 
      



october

(11)







        ► 
      



september

(10)







        ► 
      



august

(7)







        ► 
      



july

(21)







        ► 
      



june

(8)







        ► 
      



may

(11)







        ► 
      



april

(11)







        ► 
      



march

(26)







        ► 
      



february

(16)







        ► 
      



january

(26)









        ► 
      



2009

(150)





        ► 
      



december

(22)







        ► 
      



november

(5)







        ► 
      



october

(6)







        ► 
      



september

(5)







        ► 
      



august

(8)







        ► 
      



july

(5)







        ► 
      



june

(3)







        ► 
      



may

(11)







        ► 
      



april

(6)







        ► 
      



march

(44)







        ► 
      



february

(16)







        ► 
      



january

(19)









        ► 
      



2008

(57)





        ► 
      



december

(11)







        ► 
      



november

(8)







        ► 
      



october

(5)







        ► 
      



september

(4)







        ► 
      



august

(2)







        ► 
      



july

(1)







        ► 
      



june

(9)







        ► 
      



may

(3)







        ► 
      



april

(6)







        ► 
      



march

(6)







        ► 
      



january

(2)









        ► 
      



2007

(67)





        ► 
      



december

(1)







        ► 
      



november

(4)







        ► 
      



october

(7)







        ► 
      



september

(2)







        ► 
      



august

(8)







        ► 
      



july

(5)







        ► 
      



june

(8)







        ► 
      



may

(3)







        ► 
      



april

(7)







        ► 
      



march

(11)







        ► 
      



february

(8)







        ► 
      



january

(3)









        ► 
      



2006

(59)





        ► 
      



december

(1)







        ► 
      



november

(1)







        ► 
      



october

(3)







        ► 
      



august

(4)







        ► 
      



july

(7)







        ► 
      



june

(7)







        ► 
      



may

(4)







        ► 
      



april

(6)







        ► 
      



march

(9)







        ► 
      



february

(10)







        ► 
      



january

(7)









        ► 
      



2005

(187)





        ► 
      



december

(7)







        ► 
      



november

(21)







        ► 
      



october

(8)







        ► 
      



september

(10)







        ► 
      



august

(5)







        ► 
      



july

(15)







        ► 
      



june

(5)







        ► 
      



may

(9)







        ► 
      



april

(13)







        ► 
      



march

(17)







        ► 
      



february

(25)







        ► 
      



january

(52)









        ► 
      



2004

(39)





        ► 
      



december

(39)









james kobielus








 










