











lawrence humane society - lawrence humane























































































 









adopt

pets for adoption
adoption faqs
adoption specials
request a pet
espurresso cat cafe


get involved

foster

become a foster
foster faqs


volunteer

about the program
become a volunteer
volunteer login
group service projects


events

upcoming events
sponsorship opportunities


connect

sign up for our newsletter
share your story
socials


wet nose news
shop


donate

donations

donate now
monthly giving
give the gift of giving
crisis pet retention fund


other ways to give

amazon wishlist
chewy wishlist
most needed donations
in-kind donations
first state debit card
host a donation drive
vehicle donations
dillons community rewards
walmart spark for good


sponsorship opportunities


services

pet resource center

i lost a pet
i found a pet
reclaim a pet
surrender a pet


crisis pet retention

crisis pet retention faqs
apply for assistance
pet pantry
español


lost and found

lost pet resources
facebook page
petco love lost
flyer template


animal services

learn more
report a complaint


public services

microchipping
vaccine clinics
spay/neuter
trap rentals
id tags
tnvr (cats)


pet resources

goodpup training
behavior resources
kitten information




about

our impact
our team
our story
board members
employment


 

 

adopt

pets for adoption
adoption faqs
adoption specials
request a pet
espurresso cat cafe


get involved

foster

become a foster
foster faqs


volunteer

about the program
become a volunteer
volunteer login
group service projects


events

upcoming events
sponsorship opportunities


connect

sign up for our newsletter
share your story
socials


wet nose news
shop


donate

donations

donate now
monthly giving
give the gift of giving
crisis pet retention fund


other ways to give

amazon wishlist
chewy wishlist
most needed donations
in-kind donations
first state debit card
host a donation drive
vehicle donations
dillons community rewards
walmart spark for good


sponsorship opportunities


services

pet resource center

i lost a pet
i found a pet
reclaim a pet
surrender a pet


crisis pet retention

crisis pet retention faqs
apply for assistance
pet pantry
español


lost and found

lost pet resources
facebook page
petco love lost
flyer template


animal services

learn more
report a complaint


public services

microchipping
vaccine clinics
spay/neuter
trap rentals
id tags
tnvr (cats)


pet resources

goodpup training
behavior resources
kitten information




about

our impact
our team
our story
board members
employment


 






















 









adopt

pets for adoption
adoption faqs
adoption specials
request a pet
espurresso cat cafe


get involved

foster

become a foster
foster faqs


volunteer

about the program
become a volunteer
volunteer login
group service projects


events

upcoming events
sponsorship opportunities


connect

sign up for our newsletter
share your story
socials


wet nose news
shop


donate

donations

donate now
monthly giving
give the gift of giving
crisis pet retention fund


other ways to give

amazon wishlist
chewy wishlist
most needed donations
in-kind donations
first state debit card
host a donation drive
vehicle donations
dillons community rewards
walmart spark for good


sponsorship opportunities


services

pet resource center

i lost a pet
i found a pet
reclaim a pet
surrender a pet


crisis pet retention

crisis pet retention faqs
apply for assistance
pet pantry
español


lost and found

lost pet resources
facebook page
petco love lost
flyer template


animal services

learn more
report a complaint


public services

microchipping
vaccine clinics
spay/neuter
trap rentals
id tags
tnvr (cats)


pet resources

goodpup training
behavior resources
kitten information




about

our impact
our team
our story
board members
employment


 

 

adopt

pets for adoption
adoption faqs
adoption specials
request a pet
espurresso cat cafe


get involved

foster

become a foster
foster faqs


volunteer

about the program
become a volunteer
volunteer login
group service projects


events

upcoming events
sponsorship opportunities


connect

sign up for our newsletter
share your story
socials


wet nose news
shop


donate

donations

donate now
monthly giving
give the gift of giving
crisis pet retention fund


other ways to give

amazon wishlist
chewy wishlist
most needed donations
in-kind donations
first state debit card
host a donation drive
vehicle donations
dillons community rewards
walmart spark for good


sponsorship opportunities


services

pet resource center

i lost a pet
i found a pet
reclaim a pet
surrender a pet


crisis pet retention

crisis pet retention faqs
apply for assistance
pet pantry
español


lost and found

lost pet resources
facebook page
petco love lost
flyer template


animal services

learn more
report a complaint


public services

microchipping
vaccine clinics
spay/neuter
trap rentals
id tags
tnvr (cats)


pet resources

goodpup training
behavior resources
kitten information




about

our impact
our team
our story
board members
employment


 





















 

 

 

















 













 




adopt an animal 












 




foster 








 




donate 








 




volunteer 












 




shop 








 




wet nose news 








 




services 







































 
































 

 

























 








hours of operation: adoptions: 12-6pm, every day pet resource center: 9am-6pm, every day 










tell us about your recent visit! 






customer satisfaction survey











 1805 e. 19th streetlawrence, ks 66046(785) 843-6835 






facebook-f
 



instagram
 



youtube
 






© 2024-2025  |  a 501c3 organizationprivacy policy 

















 






adopt 











animals availablefor adoption 



adoption specials 



request a pet 







get
involved 











volunteer 



foster 



events 







resources 











medical services 



public spay/neuter 



crisis pet retention fund 



pet surrender 



lost & found 



community cat program 



humane investigations 







wet nose news 











blog 



share your story 



newsletter signup 







donate 











other waysto give 



donate a vehicle 



donor privacy policy 







shop 











lhs shop 



amazon wishlist 



chewy wishlist 







about 











financials 



impact report 



employment 



our team 






 



















