












us equestrian | uset supporting athletes



















































































































the united states equestrian team foundation 







gladstone events  |  contact us 











 






 






 















 search


search


 close this search box.




























 






 









u.s. equestrian teams

your team newsletter
competitions
discipline headlines

combined driving headlines
dressage headlines
eventing headlines
endurance headlines
para-dressage headlines
show jumping headlines
vaulting headlines


medal history
riding for the team – the book


gladstone events

historical hamilton farm
the gladstone fund
facility rental


news

headlines
uset newsletters


uset

uset foundation mission
historic milestones
trustees & staff
financials
contact the uset
careers
home


 

 menu


u.s. equestrian teams

your team newsletter
competitions
discipline headlines

combined driving headlines
dressage headlines
eventing headlines
endurance headlines
para-dressage headlines
show jumping headlines
vaulting headlines


medal history
riding for the team – the book


gladstone events

historical hamilton farm
the gladstone fund
facility rental


news

headlines
uset newsletters


uset

uset foundation mission
historic milestones
trustees & staff
financials
contact the uset
careers
home


 













donate











 


















 search


search


 close this search box.












 








u.s. equestrian teams

your team newsletter
competitions
discipline headlines

combined driving headlines
dressage headlines
eventing headlines
endurance headlines
para-dressage headlines
show jumping headlines
vaulting headlines


medal history
riding for the team – the book


gladstone events

historical hamilton farm
the gladstone fund
facility rental


news

headlines
uset newsletters


uset

uset foundation mission
historic milestones
trustees & staff
financials
contact the uset
careers
home


 

 menu


u.s. equestrian teams

your team newsletter
competitions
discipline headlines

combined driving headlines
dressage headlines
eventing headlines
endurance headlines
para-dressage headlines
show jumping headlines
vaulting headlines


medal history
riding for the team – the book


gladstone events

historical hamilton farm
the gladstone fund
facility rental


news

headlines
uset newsletters


uset

uset foundation mission
historic milestones
trustees & staff
financials
contact the uset
careers
home


 













donate


















facebook-f
 



twitter
 



instagram
 











 








gladstone events 



contact 











gladstone events
contact 








 











facebook
 



twitter
 



instagram
 














 






















united states equestrian team foundation 











supporting athletespromoting international excellencebuilding for the future 












 





 












the uset foundation is the philanthropic partner of us equestrian and supports the competition, training, coaching, travel and educational needs of america’s elite and developing international high performance horses and athletes.high performance programs are developed in the seven international equestrian disciplines of dressage, eventing, jumping, driving, endurance, para dressage and vaulting. these programs train and support top athletes and horses to compete at the olympics, world championships, pan american games, and other top international competitions. 


















the extraordinary growth of american equestrian sport positions us on the threshold of new and even greater accomplishments. 



 









u.s. paralympic gold medal team members fiona howard, rebecca hart, and roxanne trunnell with chef d'equipe michel assouline.
 photo by devyn trethewey-us equestrianu.s. olympic jumping team silver medalists karl cook, laura kraut, and mclain ward. 
 photo by shannon brinkmanowners make olympic and paralympic dreams possible. laura kraut with baloutinue and barbara roux.
  photo courtesy of barbara rouxowners make olympic and paralympic dreams possible. karin flint and roxanne trunnell. 
 photo by jump mediaowners make olympic and paralympic dreams possible. karin flint and roxanne trunnell. 
 photo by jump mediaowners make olympic and paralympic dreams possible. caroline pamukcu and hsh blake, owned by sherrie martin. 
 photo by shannon brinkmanowners make olympic and paralympic dreams possible. heidi humphries and helix. 
 photo courtesy of heidi hmphrieslucy davis, aaron vale, chef d’equipe robert ridland, mclain ward, and spencer smith win fei jumping nations cup of ireland csio5*. 
 photo by morgan fromentchester weber wins bronze at 2024 fei driving world championship for four-in-hand horses. 
 photo © fei/martin dokupilu.s. junior jumping team tops 2024 fei nations cup™ youth jumping final clara propp, alexa elle lignelli, elise stephens, reese merna, avery griffin, and chef d’equipe anne kursinski. 
 photo by pegasus photo creationsu.s. vaulters shine at 2024 fei vaulting world championship: kimberly palmer, daniel janes, francesca foster, emma milito, and emily rose, shaina hammond and alyssa stoddard. 
 photos by kaiser impressionssabine schut-kery and sonnenberg’s jersey won the usef intermediaire i dressage national championship at the 2024 u.s. dressage festival of champions. 
 photo by us equestrian/leslie potterzone 2’s emily dehoff, kaitlyn kiely, hunter champey and mia bagnato took home the gold medal in the young rider team final at the 2024 gotham north fei north american youth jumping championships presented by ushja. 
 photo by avery wallace/us equestrianregion 3’s alice burley, alexis troutman, virginia woodcock and justine boyer won the dressage junior team final at the 2024 fei north american youth championships. 
 photo by avery wallace/us equestriandefender u.s. eventing team alyssa phillips, hallie coon, liz halliday, and james alliston take second in 2024 sap-cup ccio4*-s at chio aachen. 
 photo by shannon brinkman 

 

 









read all the details here
















 








the uset missionthe united states equestrian team foundation mission is to provide the necessary resources to make equestrian competitive excellence possible, now and in the future. the foundation supports the competition, training, coaching, travel and educational needs of america’s elite and developing international high performance athletes and horses in partnership with the united states equestrian federation. the foundation is funded through tax-deductible contributions and does not receive any direct or indirect government subsidy. read more… 












 








how we measure successacross the spectrum, u.s. equestrian hopes to identify the very best horses, athletes and ultimately athlete/horse combinations within each discipline. having the u.s. teams on the international stage in itself is not the priority or the goal of the high performance programs. the goal of the u.s. equestrian team and the high performance programs is to bring home medals and be at the top of the sport in each discipline.  in line with the new strategic plan, the programs will use the success from medals won internationally to benefit the entire equestrian community in the united states and continue to grow its base. read more… 












 








historical hamilton farmthe uset foundation headquarters remain at the historic uset training facility in gladstone, nj. the high performance division of the united states equestrian federation also maintains its offices at the facility with the foundation. in addition, the building and grounds are used for numerous special equestrian events such as competitions, training demonstrations, pony club camp and various equestrian and non-equestrian community events. watch video… 


























headlines 



















 


uset foundation elects ellen ahearn, terri kane, rowan o’riley, and angela vogel to board of trustees 






				february 10, 2025			






					read more >>				












 


uset foundation and us equestrian “building the pathway” event educates emerging talent 






				february 7, 2025			






					read more >>				












 


uset foundation awards relief grant to fleet of angels to assist horses affected by southern california wildfires 






				january 29, 2025			






					read more >>				












 


uset foundation honors steadfast gold medal club anniversary donors 






				january 19, 2025			






					read more >>				












 


patti scialfa springsteen and zacharie vinios honored with 2025 r. bruce duchossois distinguished trustee award by uset foundation 






				january 19, 2025			






					read more >>				












 


uset foundation awards triple paralympic gold medalist rebecca hart the 2025 whitney stone cup 






				january 18, 2025			






					read more >>				












 


prolific young rider kat fuqua named 2025 lionel guerrand-hermès trophy recipient 






				january 18, 2025			






					read more >>				












 


kara pinato scro joins uset foundation as assistant executive director 






				january 7, 2025			






					read more >>				












 


sharon white and jaguars duende awarded the uset foundation’s connaught grant in memory of r. bruce duchossois 






				december 16, 2024			






					read more >>				












 


avery glynn triumphs in the desert as the winner of the 2024 platinum performance/usef talent search finals – west 






				november 10, 2024			






					read more >>				












 


taylor cawley shines bright as the winner of the platinum performance/usef talent search finals – east 






				october 6, 2024			






					read more >>				












 


netjets® u.s. jumping team takes sixth in longines league of nations™ jumping final 






				october 6, 2024			






					read more >>				












 


u.s. dressage team multi-medalist suppenkasper to retire from competition 






				september 20, 2024			






					read more >>				












 


u.s. jumping teams finish successful week at 2024 fei nations cup youth jumping final with the u.s. junior jumping team taking first overall and the u.s. young rider jumping team finishing fifth 






				september 18, 2024			






					read more >>				












 


chester weber wins bronze at 2024 fei driving world championship for four-in-hand horses 






				september 8, 2024			






					read more >>				























click for all headlines































 land rover u.s. eventing team silver medalists at pratoni 2022  – will coleman and off the record, owned by the off the record syndicate, lauren nicholson and vermiculus, ownedby jacqueline b. mars, boyd martin and tsetserleg tsf, owned by christine turner, tommie turner, and thomas turner, and tamie smith and mai baum, owned by alex ahearn, ellen ahearn, and eric markell (photo by shannon brinkman)















the uset foundation would like to thanks its competition partners for their support of our mission and our u.s. equestrian teams and athletes. 












 









 





 









 









 









 





 









 









 









 









 













 





 









 









 









 









 





 









 









 









 





 











 












facebook-f
 



twitter
 



instagram
 






united states equestrian team foundationp.o. box 355gladstone, nj 07934-0355 



 







 
(908) 234-1251





 
send an email





 
privacy policy







copyright © 2024 the united states equestrian team foundation, a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization. ein:22-1668879 







help us keep you informed 



receive international competition schedules, athlete information and much more… 



email (required) *select list(s) to subscribe to example: yes, i would like to receive emails from uset foundation. (you can unsubscribe anytime)constant contact use. please leave this field blank.by submitting this form, you are consenting to receive marketing emails from: . you can revoke your consent to receive emails at any time by using the safeunsubscribe® link, found at the bottom of every email. emails are serviced by constant contact 



			please select a form.		











 



































