
















cross current  fishing









































































cross current  fishing



some fishing talk, environmental and fishery issues, articles and the like...




















popular posts









drift boat etiquette
   in its simplest form, etiquette is nothing more than doing the right thing at the right time for a particular situation. some of these ru...





epa launches web forum on how to best protect america’s drinking water
  washington  –  the u.s. environmental protection agency (epa) is launching a web-based  discussion forum to gather public input on how the...





atlantic menhaden board wants to increase numbers and spawning stock
asmfc atlantic menhaden board initiates addendum to increase abundance and spawning stock biomass   arlington, va – the commission’s atlanti...





asmfc atlantic striped bass board initiates addendum to reduce fishing mortality
alexandria, va – the commission’s atlantic striped bass management board has initiated development of draft addendum iii with the goals of r...





is your upper delaware river fishing guide legit?
when you hire a guide on the upper delaware or anywhere  else, don't make assumptions, check to see if your guide is licensed.    on the...





new york to decrease sporting license fees
beginning february 1, 2014 the new york state department of environmental conservation (dec) is decreasing sporting license fees.  this pric...










summer on the upper delaware river
it’s been an excellent water  year so far and that's resulted in some very good drift boat fishing on the upper  delaware.  the main ste...










outdoor recreation jobs and economic impact act of 2016 signed by president obama
    bill confirms outdoor recreation industry is a significant economic drive       the bill, known as the outdoor rec act, passed the house...










summer on the upper delaware river
summer  trout fishing on the upper delaware river   it’s been an excellent water  year so far and that's resulted in some very good fish...










 anglers asked not to fish esopus between shandaken portal and the ashokan reservoir
  low, turbid water poses a risk to spawning trout   anglers:  please don't fish the esopus creek from the shandaken portal to the  asho...












































































tuesday, january 14, 2020







ny dec announces adoption of new deer and moose feeding regulation






measure prevents unnecessary feeding of wild deer to prevent spread 
of disease and other negative effects on wildlife and habitat

 
new york state department of environmental conservation (dec) 
commissioner basil seggos announced the adoption of a regulation 
to reduce problems caused by wildlife feeding and establish strict 
procedures for the use of tick-control devices designed to treat deer. 
prohibiting the feeding of wild deer and moose is a best management 
approach to reduce risks associated with communicable wildlife diseases 
like chronic wasting disease, minimize conflicts with deer, and protect wildlife habitat.

"feeding deer and moose can artificially increase populations and 
change behavior, causing harm to people, wildlife, and the environment,"
 commissioner seggos said. "these new requirements strike a necessary 
balance between preventing the negative effects of deer feeding while 
recognizing the increased public health threat posed by tick-borne 
diseases and make an exception to allow the use of certain devices 
designed to kill ticks on deer."

dec first prohibited deer feeding
 in 2002 in response to the threat of chronic wasting disease (cwd) 
because concentrating deer or moose at feeding sites increases the risk 
of disease transmission. however, there are many other negative impacts 
associated with deer feeding that necessitate a broader regulation.

following a public comment period earlier this year, dec adopted the 
new regulation to provide a clearer definition of what does and does not
 constitute illegal feeding of deer or moose. for example, the 
requirements provide exemptions for wildlife plantings, bona fide 
agricultural practices, livestock husbandry, and research and nuisance 
abatement actions permitted by dec. it clarifies that incidental feeding
 such as the attraction of deer or moose to a birdfeeder will only be 
considered a violation if dec has previously issued a written warning to
 the person responsible for the incidental feeding. this will allow 
nuisance situations to be appropriately addressed without limiting bird 
feeding in general.

to reduce the sale and marketing of products that are illegal to use 
and to protect consumers from being misled, the new regulation requires 
retail products packaged for sale as food or edible attractants for wild
 deer or moose to carry a label clearly stating that such use is illegal
 in new york.

the regulation also establishes procedures for the legal use of 
4-postertm tickicide and devices used to dispense it. 4-postertm 
tickicide is a pesticide registered by the u.s. environmental protection
 agency and dec to kill ticks on deer. it is dispensed via four rollers,
 or "posts," attached to bait stations filled with corn. as deer eat the
 corn, the rollers deposit pesticide on their heads and necks.

in parts 
of new york with high tick-borne disease rates, there is considerable 
public interest in using these devices. the application procedures and 
permit issuance conditions specified in the new regulation are designed 
to allow such use while limiting negative impacts of deer feeding on the
 surrounding community and environment.

the full text of the new regulation is on the dec website.










no comments:
  














email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest



















monday, november 11, 2019







floating plastics pervade pacific fish populations, larval fish are eating our trash






 researchers
 from hawai‘i pacific university, noaa, and other agencies release study
 that includes evidence ‘fish are dominated by plastics’


a
 new study on the pacific ocean’s floating trash indicates not only a 
significant accumulation of microplastics in the hawaiian islands, but 
that larval fish are eating the debris.   



the
 research, conducted in partnership with hawaiʻi pacific university’s 
center for marine debris research (cmdr), centered on waters off the 
kona coastline of hawaiʻi island. the area is found to accumulate 
microplastic pollution at a rate higher than the north pacific garbage 
patch itself, and the larval fish living in this nursery habitat are 
eating the trash that surrounds them.



the findings are published in the journal, proceedings of the national academy of sciences. 



the
 national oceanic and atmospheric administration (noaa) sampled surface 
waters near west hawaiʻi using plankton tows with the intention of 
learning about the larval fish community in that nursery habitat.  it 
was no surprise that the researchers found young fish of many different 
types, including species that are gathered for commercial or 
recreational fisheries and that also play vital roles in ecosystems, 
such as hawaiian coral reefs.  



“but
 we were shocked to find that so many of our samples were dominated by 
plastics,” said jonathan whitney, a marine ecologist for noaa and 
co-lead of the study.  within the slicks—small-scale convergence zones 
that look like ribbons of smooth water—plastic particles outnumbered 
larval fish seven to one. the concentration of plastic per square 
kilometer in the surface water slicks off of west hawai‘i was eight 
times greater than in the north pacific garbage patch.  



“the north
 pacific garbage patch is known as one of the most plastic-polluted 
marine waters on earth. it is deeply concerning that concentrations in 
these hotspots in hawai‘i exceed those in the garbage patch,”
 said jennifer lynch, research biologist with the national institute of 
standards and technology and co-director of the hpu cmdr.



hpu’s
 cmdr determined the chemical composition of the plastic found in the 
tows, outside of the fish, to be mostly polyethylene and polypropylene. 
next, the researchers dissected the digestive tracts of the tiny fish 
under a microscope. 



 “we
 found tiny plastic pieces in the stomachs of commercially targeted 
pelagic species, including swordfish and mahi-mahi, as well as in coral 
reef species like triggerfish,” said whitney.  most of the particles 
were microfibers. 



lynch
 identified the chemical composition of the fibers to prove that they 
were man-made.  two different types of chemical spectroscopy, 
fourier-transform infrared and raman, revealed that some were polyester,
 nylon, or rayon, and most were dyed cellulose, which could come from 
cotton fabric. 



 “the
 fact that larval fish are surrounded by and ingesting non-nutritious 
toxin-laden plastics, at their most vulnerable life-history stage, is 
cause for alarm,” explained jamison gove, a research oceanographer for 
noaa and co-lead of the study.



“the
 multiple, disturbing discoveries in this study spotlight the negative 
impact humans are having on our planet.  we can make changes to reduce 
our impact, and these changes are needed now,” said lynch.  



the
 cmdr’s goal is to help eliminate plastic waste from the ocean, and the 
team is deeply committed to diving into this issue, right here in 
hawaiʻi. the center continues to strive to move conversations forward 
about creating a trash-free ocean environment while investigating the 
impacts of marine debris and distributing the knowledge of clean ocean 
awareness initiatives and stewardship. 



the publication is titled “prey-size plastics are invading larval fish nurseries” and is published in proceedings of the national academy of sciences.










no comments:
  














email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest















thursday, march 14, 2019







pennsylvania dep announces statewide surveillance of ticks







five-year study to assess risk of tickborne illnesses in pennsylvania 
 

the pennsylvania 
department of environmental protection (dep) announced that it is 
conducting a five-year environmental surveillance of ticks to assess the
 risk of tickborne illnesses across pennsylvania. funding for this 
project is being provided by the pennsylvania department of health. 

 

the survey, which started in july 2018 in coordination with county 
governments, is part of the pennsylvania lyme disease task force 
recommendations for combatting the growing incidence of lyme and other 
tick-borne diseases. it is funded annually through the state budget.

 

“lyme disease affects thousands of pennsylvanians every year, but 
ticks are also known to carry other pathogens that could infect humans. 
this survey will provide important data that will help us better 
understand these arachnids in our environment and inform pennsylvanians 
on how, when and where to avoid getting bitten by a disease-carrying 
tick,” said dep secretary patrick mcdonnell. “we want everyone to enjoy 
the outdoors and take the proper precautions to avoid contact with 
ticks, and we are proud to support the lyme disease task force’s efforts
 to protect pennsylvanians.”

 

“lyme disease is a major public health concern in pennsylvania,” 
secretary of health dr. rachel levine said. “many people believe that 
lyme disease, and the ticks that carry the disease, can only be found in
 wooded areas. however, i know personally, as do many others, that ticks
 can be found in your backyard, where you walk your dog, or the local 
park. these surveillance efforts will help us to share with all 
pennsylvanians the importance of taking steps to protect yourself.” 

 

the survey is taking place in every county in pennsylvania to track
 ticks’ habitats, life stages and peak activity levels and to test them 
for human pathogenic diseases. additionally, 38 counties are conducting a
 specific survey of nymphal blacklegged (ixodes scapularis) ticks, which
 can transmit lyme disease to humans.

 

ticks are collected using white felt drags that sample low-lying ground cover and understory vegetation for questing ticks.

 

fall and winter surveillance focused on analyzing adult blacklegged
 ticks for emerging and changing disease burdens in public use habitats 
across pennsylvania, such as parks, playgrounds or recreational fields.

 

the spring and summer surveillance will focus on collecting three 
tick species: the blacklegged tick in its immature nymphal stage, when 
it most often infects humans with lyme disease, as well as human 
babesiosis and human granulocytic anaplasmosis; the adult american dog 
(dermacentor variabilis) tick, which transmits rocky mounted spotted 
fever and tulameria; and adult lone star (amblyomma americanum) tick, 
which transmits ehrlichiosis and tularmeria.

 

the nymphal stage of the blacklegged tick causes the most tickborne
 illness in pennsylvania due to its size and activity period. it is 
significantly smaller — about the size of a poppy seed — than the adult 
and therefore less likely to be discovered on the human body. 

 

“the nymphal stage of the blacklegged tick’s lifespan overlaps with
 people enjoying the outdoors in the spring and summer,” mcdonnell said.
 “tracking and testing them at this stage is extremely important because
 it will allow us to more accurately pinpoint when and where risk of 
human illness is most prevalent and help prevent cases of lyme disease 
in the future.”

 

since july 1, 2018, dep collected 3,663 adult black-legged ticks for testing.










no comments:
  














email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest















wednesday, january 30, 2019








pa fish and boat commission recruiting waterways conservation officers 





the pennsylvania fish and boat commission (pfbc) is recruiting the 
22nd class of waterways conservation officer (wco) trainees at its h.r. 
stackhouse school of fishery conservation and watercraft safety.

the state civil service commission (scsc) will begin accepting applications january 30 until february 19, 2019.


the class of up to 20 trainees is expected to report for training in 
the summer of 2019 and graduate in the summer of 2020. the most recent 
previous academy was held in 2015-2016.


trainees will undergo an extensive 52-week training program 
encompassing all aspects of conservation law enforcement. following 
civil service testing and selection, trainees will first complete a 
22-week municipal police officers basic training conducted by 
pennsylvania state police at its northwest training center in meadville,
 crawford county. an additional 30 weeks of training is conducted at the
 stackhouse school located in bellefonte, centre county and includes 
field training alongside seasoned wcos. trainees will assist with 
investigations, patrol regions, participate in public outreach events 
and stock waterways.




applicants must meet the following basic criteria:
     • pennsylvania residency     • possess a valid driver’s license     • be at least 21 years of age     • high school graduate or ged     • pass a criminal history background check
for more information on the position, visit the recruitment page on www.fishandboat.com. 

applications will only be accepted online. to view the announcement 
and apply, please visit the scsc website on or after january 30, 2019 
at: www.employment.pa.gov. 










no comments:
  














email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest















friday, march 23, 2018







more than $1.1 billion for sportsmen & conservation





this revenue is generated by the pittman-robertson wildlife restoration and dingell-johnson sport fish restoration (prdj) acts from excise taxes paid by the hunting, shooting, 
boating and angling industries on firearms, bows and ammunition and 
sport fishing tackle, some boat engines, and small engine fuel

the funds, which are distributed by the u.s. fish and wildlife service, 
support critical state conservation and outdoor recreation projects. to date, the u.s. fish and wildlife service has distributed more than 
$20.2 billion in apportionments for state conservation and recreation 
projects.

you can find apportionment by individual states here:  https://wsfrprograms.fws.gov/subpages/grantprograms/wr/wr_funding.htm

 the recipient state wildlife agencies have matched these funds with 
approximately $6.7 billion throughout the years, primarily through 
hunting and fishing license revenues.















no comments:
  














email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest















friday, january 12, 2018








army corps announces francis e. walter dam water release schedule





the u.s. army corps engineers’ 
philadelphia district released the flow management plan for the francis e.walter dam in white haven, pa.   


the francis e. walter dam 

 

the multi-year plan is based upon past 
program performance as well as input received through stakeholders. in 
2018, water will again be allocated to ensure whitewater releases from 
july to late august and fisheries releases from july to early september.
 seasonal precipitation and water accumulation will be used for releases
 later in the season (late august through mid-october).
in 2018, planned dates (22) for fishing releases (target 400 cubic feet per second)* are:

 march:   3, 4, 10, 11, 17, 18, 24, 25, 31   
 april:     1, 7, 8, 14, 15, 21, 22, 28, 29
 may:      5, 6, 13, 20
 october:  as provided by end of year release around the weekend of 6-7 october

* release will be set to match inflow with a target release up 
to 400 cfs.  inflow will not be augmented by use of storage to satisfy 
the 400 cfs target.

in 2018, planned dates (24) for whitewater releases are listed 
below. all other dates during the recreation season, until the weekend 
of october 6-7 have a planned fisheries augmentation release of at least
 50 cubic feet per second if sufficient water is available.


may:             12, 19, 26, 27
june:             9, 10, 23, 24
july:              7, 8, 21, 22, 28, 29
august:         4, 5, 11, 12, 18, 19, 25*, 26*
september:    1*, 2*
october: as provided by end of year releases around the weekend of 6-7 october

*releases will depend on seasonal precipitation and water accumulation.

**the 6-7 october weekend release is 
intended to provide a means of releasing any excess water that may have 
accumulated during the recreation season.  this is the last added 
increment for the 2018 recreation plan.  fisheries releases through the 
season will be accommodated before the final weekend (6-7 october) 
release will be considered.
  
in 2018, the army corps will hold a total
 of 22 fishing releases and 24 whitewater release dates (four of which 
are dependent on additional precipitation along with fisheries 
enhancement releases on all other days during the recreation season). 
all dates are dependent on hydrologic conditions and the absence of the 
need for flood control operations. view plan details, including 2019 and 2020 fishing release and whitewater release dates, here. 










no comments:
  














email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest















tuesday, december 26, 2017







pennsylvania's wildlife conservation officers are now officially game wardens






for the first time in its 122-year history, the pennsylvania game 
commission will call its law-enforcement officers “state game wardens.”



effective on january 1, 2018 pennsylvania will have game wardens. not that they didn't before, they just called them something different.
 
“the job titles previously used to describe our field officers – game
 protector and wildlife conservation officer – didn’t fully identify 
their unique and diverse responsibilities,” explained pennsylvania game 
commission executive director bryan burhans. “the goal here is to more 
clearly identify our officers and their purpose. we believe ‘state game 
warden’ will help communicate this.


“in addition, this title already is well understood by the public,” 
burhans said. “the word ‘warden’ is america’s oldest title for the men 
and women who serve wildlife in this capacity.”


since the recodification of the state’s game and wildlife code in 
1987, field officers were titled wildlife conservation officers. prior 
to that, they were called district game protectors. but neither title 
resonated with the public. many never associated them with game 
commission officers
.

game wardens are known by many different titles depending upon the 
state wildlife agency for which they work. the titles reflect the 
varying sets of broad duties they fulfill. most wardens share a basic 
duty to enforce the laws that regulate hunting, protect wildlife and the
 environment. however, their duties extend into education, research and a
 host of conservation programs.


for example, pennsylvania game wardens coordinate and supervise 
hunter-trapper education programs. they also represent the agency at 
conservation and sportsmen’s club meetings, respond to nuisance wildlife
 complaints, and deal with injured wildlife and suspected rabid-animal 
calls. warden work also includes wildlife surveys, wildlife 
trap-and-transfer, field research and providing programs to civic groups
 and public schools.


“it was the variety of work, which has accompanied the position since
 game protectors were defined by law in 1895, that inspired the former 
titles our officers have had,” burhans said.

while wildlife law-enforcement is a core responsibility, fulfillment 
of an officer’s full range of duties requires significant training and 
responsibility.


burhans noted that the public often wonders what our game wardens do outside of the hunting season.


“there is no “off” season for our officers,” he said. “the breadth of
 responsibilities is what sets game wardens apart from other traditional
 law-enforcement professionals. being a game warden requires a very 
unique person willing and able develop a diversity of skills in support 
of the agency.”

burhans said renaming full-time agency officers ‘game wardens’ immediately will help the public know what these officers do.


it’s important to point out, though, that game wardens are sworn 
peace officers with statewide law-enforcement authority. they are highly
 trained and equipped as well as any police officer. they are expected 
to know and follow standards for protecting civil rights, gathering 
evidence that will hold up in court and prosecute violations of many 
different laws.


“as one of the most familiar faces of our agency, it is critical that
 that game wardens are recognized for who they are and what they do,” 
emphasized burhans. “anything less is unacceptable.”










no comments:
  














email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest















monday, december 11, 2017







underwater insects aid pennsylvania's dep in water quality checks






 macroinvertebrates tell dep researchers about water pollution and stream health 


to the non fly angler they might be considered creepy, but they’re an excellent indicator of 
water quality– they’re the aquatic insects and animals that live in 
pennsylvania’s rivers, lakes, and streams. the pennsylvania department 
of environmental protection (dep) is for the first time visualizing benthic macroinvertebrate sampling results from across the state. the data is now publicly available in a gis viewer with downloadable data sets for the first time as well.

benthic macroinvertebrates are the insects and animals that spend most, 
if not all, of their lives underwater. they can be mayflies or midges, 
crayfish or clams, or one of many other underwater species, and are one 
of the most important parts of the food chain that fish, birds, and 
other animals depend on. 

“because they spend almost their entire lives in the water, benthic 
macroinvertebrates are especially attuned to water quality,” said dustin
 shull, water program specialist for dep. “they are an excellent way to 
gauge how healthy a particular section of stream or river is, and help 
dep meet our obligations for monitoring water quality. this kind of 
biological assessment helps dep see and assess long-term, cumulative 
effects of stressing factors on an ecosystem.”

not all streams and rivers are created equal, and dep has developed 
unique macroinvertebrate collection methods for freestone streams, 
limestone streams, and low-gradient streams. dep uses these differing 
methods to get a complete picture of how many, what type, and how 
healthy the invertebrates are in any given habitat. 

“dep and partners have collected thousands of samples, and collect 
hundreds more every year to continue to deepen our knowledge base on the
 health of pennsylvania’s waters,” said shull.

see examples of the different streams types, the methods used to sample them, and results of the sampling by visiting looking below the surface, dep’s interactive story map on benthic macroinvertebrates. 

“this type of research is vital to decision-making that goes on at dep,”
 said dep secretary patrick mcdonnell. “we use the data collected and 
analyzed by program staff when we’re looking at how to clean up 
watersheds and improve water quality in backyards and communities across
 pennsylvania. and we want to make sure that pennsylvania residents can 
see the data we’re collecting, so they can know more about what is 
happening in their own area.”

to learn more about benthic macroinvertebrates, sampling, and water quality, please visit http://www.depgis.state.pa.us/macroinvertebrate/index.html 

to retrieve sampling data, please visit http://www.depgis.state.pa.us/macroviewer/index.html 










no comments:
  














email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest















monday, november 27, 2017







new jersey becomes the 47th state to join the interstate wildlife violator compact





the  new jersey division of fish and wildlife will have a new tool to
 use in its  ongoing efforts to enforce wildlife laws as the state joins
 the interstate wildlife violator compact, department  of environmental 
protection commissioner bob martin announced today.

the compact, first developed  in western states in the 
mid-1980s, recognizes the importance of deterrence  through the 
suspension of hunting, fishing, and trapping licenses and  privileges in
 all member states resulting from violations concerning the  pursuit, 
possession or taking of a wide range of wildlife, including mammals,  
birds, fish, reptiles, amphibians, mollusks, shellfish, and 
crustaceans. new jersey’s membership will begin on  december 1.

“this cooperative and  proactive interstate strategy will greatly 
enhance our division of fish and  wildlife’s ability to protect and 
manage our wildlife resources,” said  commissioner martin. “any person 
who has their license privileges suspended in one  member state may now 
also have them suspended in all other member states. in  addition, the 
compact prevents convicted poachers who are under revocation in  one 
state from hunting, fishing, or trapping in other states.”

for the purposes of the compact,  the term “license” 
means any license, permit, or other public document which  conveys to 
the person to whom it was issued the privilege of pursuing,  possessing,
 or taking any wildlife regulated by statute, law, regulation,  
ordinance, or administrative rule of a participating state.

in new jersey this definition  includes but is not 
limited to: all-around sportsman, firearm hunting,  trapping, bow and 
arrow, freshwater fishing, recreational crab pot,  non-commercial crab 
dredge and shellfish licenses, various hunting and trapping  permits, 
pheasant & quail and new jersey waterfowl stamps, striped bass  
bonus tags, and saltwater registry certificates.

license and privilege  suspensions resulting from 
wildlife violations committed on or after december  1, 2017 in new 
jersey may result in the reciprocal suspension of license  privileges in
 member states.  if a person  plans to hunt, fish, or trap in another 
state, and has a license privilege  suspension in new jersey, it is 
their responsibility to contact the other state  to verify if they may 
legally hunt, fish, or trap there.

new jersey residents who fail  to comply with the terms 
of a citation or summons issued for a wildlife  violation in another 
member state may face a $50 fine and the suspension of all  privileges 
to take or possess wildlife in new jersey until the citation has  been 
satisfied. failing to appear in court or to otherwise answer a ticket or
  summons issued for such violations will also result in license, 
permit, and  privilege suspension.

“our  agency has been charged with managing new jersey’s 
wildlife resources for 125  years and we take this responsibility very 
seriously,” said division of fish  and wildlife director larry 
herrighty. “joining the compact protects new  jersey’s wildlife 
resources and that of member states by deterring violators from  
continuing their illegal activities and sends a clear message to all 
that such  behavior will not be tolerated.”
  
the concept of a wildlife  violator compact was first 
advanced in the early 1980s by member states in the  western association
 of fish and wildlife agencies. in 1985 draft compacts were  developed 
independently in colorado and nevada. subsequently, these drafts were  
merged and the interstate wildlife violator compact was created.

more information on the compact, including which  states are members and
 which violations with prescribed suspensions will be  recognized in new
 jersey and shared with member states is available on the  division of 
fish and wildlife website at: www.njfishandwildlife.com/violators_compact.htm










no comments:
  














email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest















tuesday, november 21, 2017







new york dec announce $50,000 to study livingston manor flooding






flood study could help advance resiliency projects

new york state department of environmental conservation (dec) 
commissioner basil seggos announced that the state will provide up
 to $50,000 for a u.s. army corps of engineers study in the sullivan 
county hamlet of livingston manor. funds will be used to undertake the 
livingston manor flood control feasibility study. the funding was 
secured with assistance from assemblywoman aileen gunther.


"as climate change fuels more intense and frequent storms that 
threaten communities and infrastructure across the state, dec experts 
are on the frontlines everyday assisting local governments in planning 
for and advancing important flood resiliency projects," said dec 
commissioner basil seggos. "the livingston manor flood control 
feasibility study will not only protect this community, it will also 
improve the natural resources in the catskills, which are critical to 
the economic vitality of the region."


"the people who live in livingston manor have worked so hard to 
rebuild and repair flood damage time and time again," assemblywoman 
gunther said. "this study will help find a solution that works for 
everyone."


"it is with great satisfaction and anticipation that we have been 
waiting for such needed support from our state agencies. i can't say 
enough about our assembly women aileen gunther, who has witnessed 
first-hand, the devastation of flooding to our communities. time and 
time again. we have been working with the acoe and the dec for some time
 now to develop a plan to reduce flooding in our area. our small town 
atmosphere is a driving force for many new businesses, and the 
assistance from our state agency will help bring about positive change, 
and continued growth for those who look for a more healthy lifestyle and
 quality of life," said rob eggleton, supervisor, town of rockland.


a joint effort by the u.s. army corps of engineers, dec, the town of 
rockland, the livingston manor flood control feasibility study was 
originally initiated in 2009. in 2016, the study was re-envisioned to 
focus solely on flood control, which required additional funding. in 
october 2017, dec committed to providing up to $50,000 to finalize the 
study.


dec is currently working with the u.s. army corps to finalize a 
contract for the project. the study is anticipated to be completed in 
2018. following completion of the study, the u.s. army corps will begin 
the design and construction phase of the project with federal, state and
 local funding.










no comments:
  














email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest

















older posts

home




subscribe to:
posts (atom)










orvis









upper delaware river

get the upper delaware river widget and many other great free widgets at widgetbox! not seeing a widget? (more info)






















sharethis





subscribe to







posts










                  atom
                










posts












all comments










                  atom
                










all comments











blog archive








        ▼ 
      



2020

(1)





        ▼ 
      



january

(1)

ny dec announces adoption of new deer and moose fe...










        ► 
      



2019

(3)





        ► 
      



november

(1)







        ► 
      



march

(1)







        ► 
      



january

(1)









        ► 
      



2018

(2)





        ► 
      



march

(1)







        ► 
      



january

(1)









        ► 
      



2017

(26)





        ► 
      



december

(2)







        ► 
      



november

(4)







        ► 
      



october

(3)







        ► 
      



july

(4)







        ► 
      



june

(1)







        ► 
      



may

(1)







        ► 
      



april

(2)







        ► 
      



march

(2)







        ► 
      



february

(6)







        ► 
      



january

(1)









        ► 
      



2016

(28)





        ► 
      



december

(5)







        ► 
      



november

(6)







        ► 
      



october

(3)







        ► 
      



august

(1)







        ► 
      



july

(1)







        ► 
      



march

(1)







        ► 
      



february

(5)







        ► 
      



january

(6)









        ► 
      



2015

(42)





        ► 
      



december

(7)







        ► 
      



november

(4)







        ► 
      



october

(3)







        ► 
      



september

(2)







        ► 
      



august

(1)







        ► 
      



july

(3)







        ► 
      



june

(4)







        ► 
      



may

(1)







        ► 
      



april

(4)







        ► 
      



february

(4)







        ► 
      



january

(9)









        ► 
      



2014

(52)





        ► 
      



december

(9)







        ► 
      



november

(2)







        ► 
      



october

(4)







        ► 
      



september

(4)







        ► 
      



august

(1)







        ► 
      



july

(1)







        ► 
      



june

(1)







        ► 
      



april

(3)







        ► 
      



march

(3)







        ► 
      



february

(6)







        ► 
      



january

(18)









        ► 
      



2013

(73)





        ► 
      



december

(10)







        ► 
      



november

(7)







        ► 
      



october

(7)







        ► 
      



september

(9)







        ► 
      



august

(4)







        ► 
      



july

(6)







        ► 
      



june

(4)







        ► 
      



april

(3)







        ► 
      



february

(1)







        ► 
      



january

(22)









        ► 
      



2012

(113)





        ► 
      



december

(16)







        ► 
      



november

(3)







        ► 
      



october

(11)







        ► 
      



september

(6)







        ► 
      



august

(7)







        ► 
      



july

(5)







        ► 
      



may

(1)







        ► 
      



april

(11)







        ► 
      



march

(17)







        ► 
      



february

(20)







        ► 
      



january

(16)









        ► 
      



2011

(117)





        ► 
      



december

(13)







        ► 
      



november

(11)







        ► 
      



october

(12)







        ► 
      



september

(3)







        ► 
      



august

(6)







        ► 
      



july

(11)







        ► 
      



june

(5)







        ► 
      



may

(5)







        ► 
      



april

(8)







        ► 
      



march

(17)







        ► 
      



february

(9)







        ► 
      



january

(17)









        ► 
      



2010

(121)





        ► 
      



december

(19)







        ► 
      



november

(19)







        ► 
      



october

(13)







        ► 
      



september

(8)







        ► 
      



august

(15)







        ► 
      



july

(7)







        ► 
      



june

(7)







        ► 
      



may

(4)







        ► 
      



april

(9)







        ► 
      



march

(10)







        ► 
      



february

(5)







        ► 
      



january

(5)









        ► 
      



2009

(62)





        ► 
      



december

(7)







        ► 
      



november

(7)







        ► 
      



october

(5)







        ► 
      



september

(13)







        ► 
      



august

(7)







        ► 
      



july

(5)







        ► 
      



june

(4)







        ► 
      



may

(3)







        ► 
      



april

(3)







        ► 
      



march

(4)







        ► 
      



february

(1)







        ► 
      



january

(3)









        ► 
      



2008

(20)





        ► 
      



december

(2)







        ► 
      



november

(3)







        ► 
      



october

(2)







        ► 
      



september

(1)







        ► 
      



august

(1)







        ► 
      



july

(1)







        ► 
      



march

(5)







        ► 
      



february

(2)







        ► 
      



january

(3)









        ► 
      



2007

(9)





        ► 
      



september

(1)







        ► 
      



august

(1)







        ► 
      



july

(3)







        ► 
      



april

(1)







        ► 
      



january

(3)









        ► 
      



2006

(13)





        ► 
      



december

(2)







        ► 
      



november

(1)







        ► 
      



august

(1)







        ► 
      



july

(1)







        ► 
      



june

(1)







        ► 
      



april

(1)







        ► 
      



march

(6)









share this on facebook

share









links


cross current guide service & outfitters
fishing links





get the fishing boats widget and many other great free widgets at widgetbox! not seeing a widget? (more info)

















































copyright 2010. watermark theme. theme images by macroworld. powered by blogger.
























