



 





home - ibew international brotherhood of electrical workers local 569




















































































 









 







join ibew 569: call (858) 569-8900 










search

 search









current member 






log in
















 




ibew 



569 










log in








about us

meet our staff
elected officers
training apprenticeships
partnerships
569 committees
our partners
energy independence
shop union


news
calendar
who ibew is for

electricians
high school graduates
employers & contractors
career changers
veterans


hire ibew 569
find an ibew contractor
merch
 

 

about us

meet our staff
elected officers
training apprenticeships
partnerships
569 committees
our partners
energy independence
shop union


news
calendar
who ibew is for

electricians
high school graduates
employers & contractors
career changers
veterans


hire ibew 569
find an ibew contractor
merch
 






 








 








about us

meet our staff
elected officers
training apprenticeships
partnerships
569 committees
our partners
energy independence
shop union


news
calendar
who ibew is for

electricians
high school graduates
employers & contractors
career changers
veterans


hire ibew 569
find an ibew contractor
merch
 

 

about us

meet our staff
elected officers
training apprenticeships
partnerships
569 committees
our partners
energy independence
shop union


news
calendar
who ibew is for

electricians
high school graduates
employers & contractors
career changers
veterans


hire ibew 569
find an ibew contractor
merch
 







search

 search












log out









 






 




ibew 



569 










log out








members home
resources

license renewal
class schedule
trust office
agreements
safety
drug testing sites
member assistance program
patient advocacy


online services
get involved

political action
community volunteering
our union


contact agent
 

 

members home
resources

license renewal
class schedule
trust office
agreements
safety
drug testing sites
member assistance program
patient advocacy


online services
get involved

political action
community volunteering
our union


contact agent
 
























get paid what you're worth. 



take pride in your work. provide for your family. 



we're ibew local 569, a union representing over 3,700 electrical workers in san diego & imperial counties. 










call to join ibew 569







(858) 569-8900 






current member ​log-in
























get paid what you're worth. 



take pride in your work. provide for your family. 



we're ibew local 569, a union representing over 3,700 electrical workers in san diego & imperial counties. 










call to join ibew 569










current member ​log-in















(858) 569-8900 





















 





great pay 









 





quality family healthcare 









 





retirement pensions 









 





apprenticeships 












don't waste your hard work and hustle for nothing 






 
taxing your body for low pay



 
temp agencies who take half your paycheck



 
job listing sites are a gamble



 
people in suits who cut your wages and benefits overnight



 
chasing overtime but missing family time













give us a call







(858) 569-8900 


























						see available ibew 569 jobs					

						current jobs					


						see current jobs					


















						job dispatch report					


						see job dispatch report					
















you deserve a good day's pay, respect, and dignity 









                              





six-figure potential you can save for a home. plan a nice vacation. live comfortably. support your family. 









                  





full family healthcare sleep easy at night knowing your family is covered. get medical, dental, vision, life, disability, and worker's compensation. 









                      





solid retirement pensionretirement is confusing, but necessary. we help you fund a retirement plan so you can rest your body at age 60. then build a new business, travel the world, buy another boat. live your best life. 














give us a call







(858) 569-8900 
















plus, access to  tuition-free apprenticeship programs 










driller 




							get full benefits from the start						


						get healthcare for your family starting the first day of the apprenticeship program.					













engineer 




							earn while you learn						


						skip the $120k college debt.  you can make money and sharpen your skills at the same time.					

















measuring 




							guaranteed raises every 6 months						


						start earning right away. get a guaranteed raise every 6 months.					













  




							free ongoing training						


						stay ahead with emerging technologies in the marketplace. access career and certification training for free. 					

















give us a call







(858) 569-8900 















we're ibew local 569. 



we help electrical workers build a lasting career. 







 







you deserve to get paid what you’re worth.like you, we get mad when we think of temp agencies or people in suits taking half your paycheck, cutting your benefits, and leaving you hung out to dry. 











founded in 1920, ibew 569 has 100 years of experience helping electrical workers san diego and imperial counties.at the end of the day, electrical workers want to enjoy a honest day’s work for a good day’s pay. 







 











 







ibew 569 is here for you. 






 
live comfortably



 
provide for your family



 
take pride in what you do



 
build a stronger community

















give us a call







(858) 569-8900 
















1920the year ibew 569 was founded 



$100,000+ / yearpotential member wage package 



3700members we represent 










give us a call







(858) 569-8900 




















how to  



join 



ibew 569 







call an organizer whether you have zero experience or an industry veteran, you'll fit right in. 



get on the worklist we'll send you to work. 



get paid your worthget that union money. 






give us a call







(858) 569-8900 
















ibew 569 is on your side 






 
easy to join



 
no hidden costs



 
cancel anytime



 
learn from industry veterans



 
network with other electrical workers



 
full transparency













give us a call







(858) 569-8900 



















what other members are saying 



 






“i was working non-union with bad healthcare coverage that was putting my family at risk. a few months after joining ibew 569, i got health procedures done - fully insured and without any out-of-pocket cost to me. ibew 569 takes care of you, and literally changed our lives.”  



travis kohmescher 



ibew 569 journeyman wireman 



 






 






“ibew 569 means pride and integrity coupled with the skill set to compete in the labor market of san diego. ibew 569 is the force that powers the heartbeat of san diego! i’m part of an organization that generally cares about the health and safety of its members!” 



michael o’brien 



ibew 569 apprentice 



 






 






“with ibew 569, i now have a quality construction career that provides my family with great wages, full family healthcare, and an earned pension. plus, i’m learning new skills every day on the jobsite to master electrical construction. ibew 569 members take pride in their work and the union protects our members.” 



ed wallace 



ibew 569 journeyman wireman 



 












 







ready to build a long lasting career? 






give us a call







(858) 569-8900 















who ibew local 569 is for 


















						electricians					

						show up to every job site with confidence.					


						learn more					


















						veterans					

						work towards the next promotion. in your career, and in life.					


						learn more					


















						career changers					

						start fresh with a career that pays good money and will always be in demand. 					


						learn more					


















						high school graduates					

						make a potential six figure salary with no debt. by age 23.					


						learn more					
















									looking to hire the best electrical workers in san diego & imperial county?								



ibew local 569 helps employers & contractors get the job done right the first time. 










give us a call







(858) 569-8900 















recent news  










				ibew 569 endorses paloma aguirre			



			read more »		




			february 13, 2025		









				ibew 569 retirees club quarterly luncheon			



			read more »		




			january 20, 2025		









				special-called meeting			



			read more »		




			january 10, 2025		




















                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              





ibew local 569san diego county 






 
4545 viewridge ave, ste 100 san diego, ca 92123



 
(858) 569-8900






ibew local 569imperial county 






 
2420 imperial business park dr. imperial, ca 92251



 
(760) 355-3000










 
member login











 
member logout





 





about ibew 






about us




meet our staff




elected officers




training & apprenticeships 




partnerships




569 clubs




our partners




energy independence




retirees




shop union











who ibew is for 






electricians




high school graduates




employee contractors




career changers




veterans











get started 






contact us




hire ibew 569




see jobs available right now




job dispatch report




member assistance program














facebook
 



twitter
 



youtube
 



flickr
 



instagram
 






get empowered with ibew 569 











								email							





subscribe












yes, sign me up!















© 2025 international brotherhood of electrical workers local 569. ibew is registered trademark. all rights reserved worldwide. 







 











































