





fairfield county ct homes for sale - fairfield county real estate | higgins group






































































































203.254.9000


info(at)higginsgroup(dotted)com 


home
buyers

search properties
buyers advantage
our listings
open houses
rentals

bedford square westport


home finance
town information
market reports


sellers

what is my home worth?
sellers advantage
market reports
find an agent
office locations


global

forbes global properties
search forbes properties
who’s who in luxury re
search who's who properties


commercial division
about us

our story
higgins group advantage
media wall
blog
office locations


agents
contact

office locations


join us
 












 


buyers

search properties
buyers advantage
our listings
open houses
rentals

bedford square westport


home finance
town information
market reports


sellers

what is my home worth?
sellers advantage
market reports
find an agent
office locations


global

forbes global properties
search forbes properties
who’s who in luxury re
search who’s who properties


commercial division
about us

our story
higgins group advantage
media wall
blog
office locations


agents
contact

office locations


join us
 
















bedford square westport

203.226.0300



fairfield center

203.254.9000



greenwich regional

203.220.5020



southport

203.955.1484



stamford regional

203.658.8282



trumbull

203.452.5500



bethel

203.243.2423




fairfield vanderblue team

203.259.8326



milford

203.301.4844



monroe

203.459.9300




wilton

203.762.2020



greenfield hill

203.259.7868



norwalk

203.838.5005



norwalk/vanderblue

203.256.2339



rowayton/vanderblue

203.939.7373



shelton

203.944.9400



westport

203.226.0300





 








 

buyers

search properties
buyers advantage
our listings
open houses
rentals

bedford square westport


home finance
town information
market reports


sellers

what is my home worth?
sellers advantage
market reports
find an agent
office locations


global

forbes global properties
search forbes properties
who’s who in luxury re
search who’s who properties


commercial division
about us

our story
higgins group advantage
media wall
blog
office locations


agents
contact

office locations


join us
 






bedford square westport

203.226.0300



fairfield center

203.254.9000



greenwich regional

203.220.5020



southport

203.955.1484



stamford regional

203.658.8282



trumbull

203.452.5500



bethel

203.243.2423




fairfield vanderblue team

203.259.8326



milford

203.301.4844



monroe

203.459.9300




wilton

203.762.2020



greenfield hill

203.259.7868



norwalk

203.838.5005



norwalk/vanderblue

203.256.2339



rowayton/vanderblue

203.939.7373



shelton

203.944.9400



westport

203.226.0300





 








close




 

buyers

search properties
buyers advantage
our listings
open houses
rentals

bedford square westport


home finance
town information
market reports


sellers

what is my home worth?
sellers advantage
market reports
find an agent
office locations


global

forbes global properties
search forbes properties
who’s who in luxury re
search who’s who properties


commercial division
about us

our story
higgins group advantage
media wall
blog
office locations


agents
contact

office locations


join us
 



main content


click









need help?
    

if you’re interested in buying or selling, please fill out this form and a higgins group sales professional will contact you shortly.

 









choose side:choose side:

first name



last name



phone



email



message












facebook
instagram
youtube
linkedin 


hp slideshow


























 



find your new home

  loading...   
 




hp cta






buy
                    with us
                
we help our buyers navigate the real estate market by working closely with them to understand their unique desires, needs, budget, and financing options to help them make their dream home a reality.
learn more











sell
                    with us
                
selling a home is a complex process, but it doesn’t have to be stressful. we have a proven track record, extensive network reach, outstanding marketing and the resources to get your home sold.
learn more











find
                    your town
                
whether you’re relocating to connecticut or just looking to move to a different town, it’s important to do your research on the different towns available to you.
                
learn more











what's
                    my home worth?
                
we will give you and estimate of your homes true market value in today’s market.
learn more







 


hp about










rich higgins coo
rick higgins owner/broker
adele higgins vice chairman




get to know
higgins group private brokerage


higgins group real estate is a family-owned real estate firm serving the highly sought-after communities in fairfield county and beyond. established in 1997 we have grown from one office with one agent to 12 offices and over 450 premier
real estate advisors.
we have global reach through our affiliations with forbes global properties and who’s who in luxury real estate. these affiliations offer us direct access to a
global real estate network that offers an audience of more than 200 million
people in more than 70 countries

            whether you are looking for a new home, selling your current one, or searching for the right investment property, you can count on the higgins group private brokerage to be with you every step of the way.
        


learn more
meet the team

 


hp featured listings






featured
listings


view all properties










$5,825,000
24 edgemarth hill road, westport, ct 06880

5 beds
6 | 1 baths
6,302 sqft








$5,300,000
7 north ridge road, westport, ct 06880

6 beds
6 | 3 baths
11,774 sqft








$4,995,000
1 sturges highway, westport, ct 06880

5 beds
4 | 2 baths
5,790 sqft








$4,395,000
61 high point road, westport, ct 06880

6 beds
6 | 3 baths
8,277 sqft








$3,800,000
158 imperial avenue, westport, ct 06880

6 beds
6 | 1 baths
6,356 sqft








$3,295,000
3 finney knoll lane, riverside, ct 06878

4 beds
4 | 1 baths
4,600 sqft








$2,445,000
85 norton road, easton, ct 06612

3 beds
3 | 1 baths
4,394 sqft








$1,156,000
198 woodchuck road, stamford, ct 06903

4 beds
2 | 1 baths
2,633 sqft



 



hp partners


global partnerships






 










 


get in touch


 









choose side:choose side:
name 
name 


phone 
email 


message 









follow us on social media

facebook
instagram
youtube
linkedin

 

contact us



bedford square westport

203.226.0300



fairfield center

203.254.9000



greenwich regional

203.220.5020





southport

203.955.1484



stamford regional

203.658.8282



trumbull

203.452.5500






bethel

203.243.2423




fairfield vanderblue

203.259.8326



milford

203.301.4844





monroe

203.459.9300



west hartford

860.810.2325




wilton

203.762.2020



 




admin: idx access | website access


agents: idx | dashboard | email


higgins group private brokerage is an exclusive member of forbes global properties for fairfield county. forbes™ is a registered trademark used under license
higgins group private brokerage is committed to providing an accessible website. if you have difficulty accessing content, have difficulty viewing a file on the website, or notice any accessibility problems, please contact us at any of the numbers above to specify the nature of the accessibility issue and any assistive technology you use. we strive to provide the content you need in the format you require. by law real estate commissions are negotiable. higgins group is licensed in ct & ny. the main office is located at 1499 post road in fairfield, connecticut. company contact email: info@higginsgroup.com
 

						copyright © 2025 higgins group private brokerage. all rights reserved. privacy policy. sitemap. real estate website design by agent image


browse listings fairfield county real estate | hartford county real estate | new haven county real estate | commercial listings 











							email us
						





						please leave your information and we'll reach out to you!
					

 









choose side:choose side:

name



phone



email



message










email us 





















skip to content



open toolbar

accessibility tools
 




accessibility tools



increase textincrease text 



decrease textdecrease text 



links underlinelinks underline 



readable fontreadable font 



reset
reset







