
















trina's kitchen







































































trina's kitchen






























































































tuesday, february 18, 2025








crockpot chicken and stuffing in the kitchen





why, sally wonders, are we not noting slow cooker recipes when "this is the season for slow cooker usage."  she notes easy family recipes' crockpot chicken and stuffing recipe: 

ingredients 

2 pounds chicken breast
1 can cream of chicken soup
1 cup sour cream
1 tablespoon chicken base
6 ounces stuffing mix- chicken flavored, (1 package)
12 ounces mixed veggies
1/2 cup chicken broth

instructions 
  
      combine the cream of chicken soup, sour cream, chicken base, stuffing mix, and mixed vegetables in the crock pot and stir well.
    nestle the chicken breast down into the soup mixture.
    cook on low for 3.5-4 hours, or high for 2.5-3 hours. (time may vary based on size and thickness of chicken breast.)
    once done, remove and shred the chicken, then stir it back into the stuffing mixture. serve warm.
    optional- if you prefer your stuffing to be more moist, you can stir in up to 1/2 cup of chicken broth when you remove the chicken after cooking. add as much as you want to bring it to the desired consistency. 
news?  aliss higham (newsweek) reports on alien musk's threats to social security: social
 security benefits are paid to tens of millions of americans every 
month, and help form the bedrock of income for many retirees, survivors 
of deceased claimants and disabled people.musk,
 who was selected by president donald trump to head the non-official 
department of government efficiency (doge), has been tasked with 
streamlining government processes and cutting spending.posting on x, formerly twitter, musk presented a spreadsheet of data showing "the numbers of people in each age bucket with the death field set to false!"it
 includes 46 million between the ages of 60 and 69, the period during 
which a person becomes eligible to collect retirement benefits. it also 
includes more than ten million listed as being above the age of 100, 
including one who is recorded as being between the ages of 360 to 369 
years of age."maybe twilight is real and there are a lot of vampires collecting social security," musk wrote.[. . .]max richtman, president and ceo of the national committee to preserve social security and medicare, told newsweek last week:
 "social security beneficiaries and their families have every reason to 
be alarmed by elon musk's takeover of the u.s. department of treasury's 
payment system, which is responsible for paying social security 
benefits."seniors,
 their families, and people with disabilities most certainly cannot 
trust trump and musk with their crucial federal benefits, or their 
personal data.  we hope that the courts will halt this effort to hijack 
the treasury department's payment system for blatantly political 
purposes."this is c.i.'s "the snapshot" for monday:




monday, february 17, 2025.  donald chump and co-president alien musk 
continue their assault on workers as they work to increase the 
unemployment rate in the us while sending grocery prices through the 
roof. paul krugman (substack) notes this morning:last month spacex carried out a test launch of its in-development starship rocket. liftoff was achieved, but as the company later announced, “starship experienced a rapid unscheduled disassembly during its ascent burn.” in other words, it exploded.it
 would be wrong to think of this explosion as a disaster; new products 
often experience failures during testing. that is, after all, why we 
test them. still, the euphemistic language reeks of unwillingness to 
take responsibility and admit that things didn’t go as planned. but then
 again, what would you expect from a company owned by elon musk?and
 here’s the thing: if a rocket blows up, you can build a new rocket and 
try again. “move fast and break things” is sometimes an ok approach if 
the things in question are just hardware, which can be replaced. but 
what if the object that experiences “rapid unscheduled disassembly” is 
something whose continued functioning is crucial to people’s lives — 
say, something like the u.s. government?this isn’t a hypothetical
 question: musk, with backing from donald trump, is blowing up 
significant parts of the u.s. government as you read this. and we can 
already see the shape of multiple potential disasters.the 
muskenjugend — the mostly very young people musk has hired to work at 
the department of government efficiency, which isn’t actually a 
government department in any legal sense but which trump has effectively
 given huge and probably unconstitutional power to remake federal 
agencies — generally seem to share three characteristics.first,
 they all seem to be extreme right-wing ideologues: whenever journalists
 investigate the social media trail of one of musk’s operatives, what 
they find is horrifying. for example, marko elez, who had access to the 
treasury department’s central payments system, had in the recent past advocated racism and eugenics.second,
 they don’t know anything about the government agencies they’re 
supposedly going to make more efficient. that’s understandable. the 
federal government has around 2 million workers, many — i would say the 
vast majority — performing important public services, in a huge variety 
of fields. you can’t parachute into a government agency and expect to 
know in a matter of days which if any programs and employees are 
dispensable.but the third characteristic of the muskenjugend is that, like musk himself, they’re arrogant. they believe that they can parachute into agencies and quickly identify what should be cut. dems in congress are highlighting some of what chump is attacking.


over the weekend, on weekend edition saturday alien musk's attacking federal agencies was noted:scott simon, host:  and it has been a tumultuous week 
at the consumer financial protection bureau. npr's laurel wamsley has 
been following all the twists and turns at the bureau this week. laurel,
 thanks so much for being with us.laurel wamsley, byline: hey there, scott.simon: catch us up. what's been happening with this agency?wamsley:
 well, there's been a lot of layoffs this week. that's part of trump's 
plan to massively reduce the federal workforce. at cfpb, some 150 
employees lost their jobs. that's about 9% of the staff. those cuts were
 largely folks who'd been at the bureau for less than four years. one of
 the employees who lost her job this week was johanna hickman, who was 
an attorney in the bureau's enforcement division. she received her 
termination notice at 9 p.m. on tuesday. and because her work e-mail had
 already been turned off, it came to her personal e-mail.johanna
 hickman: you know, it's heartbreaking. i think we do exceptional work 
at the bureau, and i have been honored to serve in this role for the 
last, you know, over a year and a half. i expected to be here for 
another 15 years. and it's shocking. it's unlawful, for one thing, and 
extraordinarily disappointing.wamsley: and right now, 
essentially, all of cfpb's work has been halted. employees have been 
locked out of the building and told they can't do any work. and elon 
musk's team, meanwhile, has been given access to the building and to its
 systems.simon: and where does that leave events now this weekend?wamsley:
 well, staff are bracing for even further cuts. according to a legal 
complaint by cfpb's union, they're expecting that perhaps 95% of all 
employees could be fired. a reporter asked president trump on monday 
whether his goal was to have cfpb totally eliminated, and trump said 
yes. but for now, a federal judge ruled yesterday that they can't 
conduct layoffs at cfpb, at least through march 3, when a hearing is 
scheduled, and they can't delete any agency data either.simon: and, laurel, remind us - the consumer financial protection bureau was created in 2008, and why?wamsley:
 that's right. that's when millions of americans lost their homes due to
 lax lending standards, and it brought the global economy tumbling with 
it. the dodd-frank act established the bureau to prevent such a disaster
 from happening again. at a high level, what the bureau supposed to do 
is that it's been tasked by congress to regulate consumer financial 
products and services, like credit cards, mortgages, et cetera. so 
consumer protection responsibilities are now unified under one agency 
that's tasked with being on the side of the consumer, against big banks 
and financial services companies. and it's really done a lot.i
 mean, just in recent months, it's made rules capping credit card late 
fees and overdraft fees. it sued the payment app zelle and the banks 
that operate it, saying they didn't protect consumers from fraud. and it
 sued capital one for advertising a high-yield checking account that 
paid close to zero in interest. adam cancryn, megan messerly and david lim (politico) report:the trump administration carried out more mass firings across the health
 and human services department this weekend, continuing a chaotic purge 
of the federal workforce that career officials and lawmakers warned 
would hurt key programs and impair efforts to track threats to public 
health.the cuts hit staffers 
at the food and drug administration and the centers for medicare and 
medicaid services, several people with knowledge of the firings told 
politico. the administration also terminated some staff at the office 
responsible for emergency preparedness and response. the
 firings were part of a culling of roughly 3,600 probationary employees 
across the sprawling department that began earlier this week with 
terminations primarily at the centers for disease control and prevention
 and national institutes of health.donald chump and 
alien musk continue their attack on the us government.  foreign born 
alien prefers to destroy the us system because he misses the apartheid 
he embraced in south africa and donald chump is just too stupid to know 
what he's doing. chump demonstrated that stupidity repeatedly over the weekend.  for example?   doina chiacu (reuters) explains chump
 posted to social media today,  "he who saves his country does not 
violate any law."  no, that's not true, it's never been true.  chiacu 
also notes that chump is claiming that he survived an assassination 
attempt because god wants him to save the country.  need another?  rebecca schneid (time) reports:to mark valentine’s day, the white house posted a meme across its x, instagram, and facebook
 social media accounts. the post included a new take on the popular 
“roses are red, violets are blue” refrain. but in lieu of a traditional 
love poem, the white house instead came up with a rhyme that targeted 
illegal immigration.“roses are red, 
violets are blue, come here illegally, and we’ll deport you,” the text 
of the valentine’s day message read. against a pink backdrop, the poem 
was accompanied by the faces of president donald trump and his border 
czar, tom homan. the caption read “happy valentines day,” with a red 
heart emoji.various organizations have since spoken out to condemn the post.voto latino, an organization that works to engage latino communities in the voting process, called the post “offensive and divisive.”“this
 post was deliberately crafted to provoke and sow division, but the 
struggles of immigrant families are not a joke,” the organization said. 
“using a lighthearted holiday to demean and target communities is not 
only irresponsible—it is beneath the dignity of the presidency.”  the immigrant harming this country is alien musk.  ed mazza (huffington post) reports:rep. jasmine crockett (d-texas) on sunday sarcastically admitted she was wrong about a key part of president donald trump’s maga platform. trump has frequently claimed that immigrants were taking jobs from americans, at times insisting that more than 100% of new jobs were going to immigrants.  “there’s an immigrant taking people’s jobs,” crockett admitted in a post on social media. “his name is elon musk.” tech
 billionaire musk, who was born in south africa, has been leading 
trump’s effort to shrink the government and cut spending, which has led 
to agencies being gutted.crockett pointed out the impact, direct and indirect, that musk’s cuts are already having around the nation: “he’s
 snatching farms, government jobs (even those in which they manage our 
national security), and definitely those whose jobs are to root out 
fraud (inspector generals), & those that are keeping us safe (faa), 
meals on wheels workers, head start, and the list goes on, so i’ll be 
the bigger person and admit to maga that i was wrong when i said 
immigrants wouldn’t take our jobs. you were 1000 percent correct.”crockett
 said earlier this month that even some republicans in congress weren’t 
happy with musk and were secretly rooting for him to fail. we do realize, right, that he's not only refused to lower 
the prices of eggs (they are at least double what they were when joe was
 president) and other groceries, but that he's destroying the economy 
while also attempting massive lay offs?  we do realize lay offs lead to 
increased unemployment, right?did those fools of you who voted for him actually vote for him to cause a recession?if not, what you think his tariffs and firings are going to result in?  josephine harvey (huffington post) notes:president donald trump seems to expect americans to take his word for it that his tariffs plan will work out well for them.trump on thursday announced he was imposing reciprocal tariffs on trade partners, a plan that could easily backfire and drive up prices for american consumers.president donald trump seems to expect americans to take his word for it that his tariffs plan will work out well for them.trump on thursday announced he was imposing reciprocal tariffs on trade partners, a plan that could easily backfire and drive up prices for american consumers.what magical land is your brain residing in that allows you to escape basic economic and market place realities?ap's fatima hussein notes,
 "the irs will lay off thousands of probationary workers in the middle 
of 
tax season, according to two sources familiar with the agency's plans, 
and cuts could happen as soon as next week."  maga fools, we don't need 
irs workers right now?  at the height of tax season?  julia ainsley (nbc news) explains, "the department of justice fired multiple immigration judges on friday, 
according to two sources familiar with the decision and a statement from
 one of the judges on linkedin. the move threatens to throw sand in the 
gears of an already strained immigration system as the trump 
administration moves to rapidly reshape the federal workforce. "  again, he's stupid, too stupid for the job.  liam archacki (the daily beast) reports on more firings -- re dei, were in phase two with phase three set to start shortly.  you can also refer to tom boggioni's report at raw story on the same topic.generally,
 we expect a president to actually create jobs.  we don't expect them to
 knowingly and intentionally increase the unemployment rate. his
 attack on free speech is nothing new -- though glenneth greenwald and 
matt taibbi try to pretend otherwise.  the latest attack on free speech 
from chump?   julianne moore is an actress who's been nominated for 
every 
major film and tv acting award.  a multi-academy award nominees, she's 
won one for best actress, a bafta,  two emmys and three golden globes.  
she's also a children's book author.  on instagram today, she noted the following:it
 is a great shock for me to learn that my first book, freckleface 
strawberry, has been banned by the trump administration from schools run
 by the department of defense.  freckleface strawberry is a 
semi-autobiographical story about a seven year old girl who dislikes her
 freckles but eventually learns to live with them when she realizes that
 she is different “just like everybody else.” it is a book i wrote for 
my children and for other kids to remind them that we all struggle, but 
are united by our humanity and our community. i am particularly stunned because i am a proud graduate of frankfurt american high school a #dod school that once operated in frankfurt, germany. i grew up with a father who is a vietnam veteran and spent his career in the #usarmy.
 i could not be prouder of him and his service to our country. it is 
galling for me to realize that kids like me, growing up with a parent in
 the service and attending a @dodea_edu
 school will not have access to a book written by someone whose life 
experience is so similar to their own.  and i can’t help but wonder what
 is so controversial about this picture book that cause it to be banned 
by the us government. i am truly saddened and never thought i would see 
this in a country where freedom of speech and expression is a 
constitutional right. thank you to @penamerica for bringing this to my attention.  #fahs #frecklefacestrawberry @uyenloseordraw @thebookgrp10hgraig graziosi (independent) reports:the federal education system that supports defense department schools around the world has ordered schools under its purview to remove books from their libraries that deal with any topic relating to diversity, equity and inclusion, following donald trump’s executive order.the missive from the department of defense education activity was issued on february 6, forcing schools — like an elementary institution at the u.s. army’s fort campbell in kentucky — to round up books that don't align with the trump administration's ideological views. [. . .]schools have already 
been told they can’t host events recognizing black history month and 
other cultural observances, agency spokesman will griffin said last 
week.the
 document bans “monthly cultural observances,” prompting schools to 
immediately cancel black history month events and remove bulletin boards
 referencing martin luther king jr., harriet tubman and rosa parks, 
tennessee’s clarksville now reported.the following sites updated:










music




his wife was dying from cancer. a kind gesture offered some peace



27 minutes ago












raw story




trump tariffs fuel u.s. auto anxiety



1 hour ago












paul krugman




our government is experiencing a rapid unscheduled disassembly



2 hours ago












npr topics: home page top stories




the snl 50th anniversary special: what worked and what didn't



3 hours ago












pbs newshour - the latest




former u.s. envoy on why trump is engaging with russia over ukraine talks



14 hours ago












latino usa




hombre: understanding latino men ft. two voters, two views



1 day ago












oh boy it never ends




sly's awful books proves questlove a liar



1 day ago












the official jody watley website




jody watley songs deep in the category of love



1 day ago












ruth's report




jonathan turley self-pleaures to fake news



1 day ago












sex and politics and screeds and attitude




the obvious



1 day ago












world news: iraq | guardian.co.uk




‘i could have been an islamic state bride’: the story behind this year’s 
buzziest comic debut



2 days ago












sickofitradlz




black history



2 days ago












ann's mega dub




our tax payer money flies a neonazi around with his boyfriend pete hegseth



2 days ago












like maria said paz




trump firings cause chaos at agency responsible for america's nuclear 
weapons



2 days ago












kat's korner (of the common ills)




draft dodger chump cozies up to draft dodger lee greenwood



2 days ago












mikey likes it!




my sincere and public apology to senator ted cruz



3 days ago












thomas friedman is a great man




donald chump attacks children and our legal system



3 days ago












trina's kitchen




ground chicken noodle casserole in the kitchen



3 days ago












the diane rehm show from wamu and npr




the ripple effects of trump's plan to 'own' gaza



3 days ago 






posted by



trina




at

12:48 am
















email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest















thursday, february 13, 2025








ground chicken noodle casserole in the kitchen 





that's  isaiah's the world today just nuts   "i have two daddies" ha ha ha.  i love it.recipe?  kathy e-mailed to note "a good oven recipe."  this is country living's recipe for ground chicken noodle casserole:ingredients4 tbsp. (1/2 stick) unsalted butter, plus more for baking dish1 (8-ounce) bag extra-wide egg noodles3/4 cup panko breadcrumbs3 tbsp. olive oil6 oz. sharp cheddar, grated (about 1 1/2 cups), divided2 carrots, sliced1 bell pepper, chopped8 oz. mushrooms, sliced1 cup frozen lima beans, thawed1/2 yellow onion, chopped2 garlic cloves, chopped2 thyme sprigs, plus more for garnishkosher salt and freshly ground black pepper1 lb. ground chicken1/4 cup all-purpose flour1/2 cup dry white wine1 1/2 cups chicken stock3/4 cup heavy creamdirections: step 1preheat
 oven to 425ºf. butter a 3-quart baking dish. bring a large pot of 
salted water to a boil. cook noodles to al dente, typically 5 to 7 
minutes. drain and set aside. combine panko, oil, and 1/4 cup cheddar in
 a bowl.step 2melt butter in a large skillet over 
medium-high heat. add carrots, pepper, mushrooms, lima beans, onion, 
garlic, and thyme. season with salt and pepper. cook, stirring 
occasionally, until vegetables are tender, 6 to 8 minutes. add chicken 
and cook, breaking it up with a spoon, until cooked through, 3 to 4 
minutes. add flour and cook, stirring constantly, 1 minute. add wine and
 cook until reduced by half, 2 to 3 minutes. add stock and cream. bring 
to a simmer and cook until just starting to thicken, 2 to 4 minutes. 
discard thyme sprigs.step 3combine noodles, 
chicken mixture, and remaining 1 1/4 cups cheddar in a large bowl, 
stirring until cheese is melted. season with salt and pepper. transfer 
mixture to prepared pan and top with panko mixture. bake until golden 
brown, 10 to 12 minutes. garnish with thyme.news?  carl gibson reports on miss piggy karoline leavitt:during
 her wednesday daily briefing, white house press secretary karoline 
leavitt appeared to get flustered after a journalist pointed out that 
her claims of "fraud" in the federal government didn't meet the general 
definition.the new republic noted that
 during the briefing, leavitt waved around screenshots of what she 
called "receipts" proving that there were "contracts upon contracts" 
that involved widespread fraud, waste and abuse in federal agencies. 
leavitt heaped praise on
 centabillionaire elon musk's "department of government efficiency," or 
"doge" (which is not yet a congressionally authorized federal agency) 
for terminating contracts they deemed as wasteful.as
 evidence of supposed fraud, she referenced a $36,000 contract for 
diversity, equity and inclusion (dei) training for u.s. citizenship and 
immigration services during former president joe biden's administration.
 she also identified a $3.4 million contract for "inclusive innovation" 
at the u.s. department of commerce's patent and trademark office, and a 
$57,000 contract for work on climate change in sri lanka."that is against the president's policies and america first agenda," leavitt said. "i can continue to go through these."at one point, cbs news white house correspondent jennifer jacobs asked leavitt: "are all of those things you just mentioned fraud, or are they waste, or are they just contrary to the president's policies?"leavitt
 insisted that "all of these things are fraudulent, they are an abuse 
and they are a waste of the american taxpayer's dollar," though she 
ultimately confirmed the premise of jacobs' question by insisting they 
were "contrary to the president's priorities and agenda."i marvel over that piggy's ability to stand up so long on her hooves.  the carny who raised her taught her well.someone
 asked about trashy garbage?  she got confirmed.  i didn't confirm her. 
 what now?  i pray she doesn't such a bad job that we're attacked.  if 
we do suffer another 9/11, i will be screaming for her to be tossed in 
prison.  donald chump is a fool.  and we see this over and over.  even 
with something like miss piggy and her inability to tell the truth.  
liars, every one of them. this is c.i.'s "the snapshot" for thursday:




thursday, february 13, 2025.  what the press missed about chump's 
announcement in front of king abdullah ii, dsa's gunning for hakeem 
jeffries (and lying again), jill stein's campaign has been revealed as 
the fraud we all knew it was, and much more.let's start this morning with the campaign of known grifter jill stein. it
 was all performative.  it was all pretense.  and now that they've put 
chump back in the white house, they admit to it and see it as a success..  they
 had so much help . . . from non-democrats.  remember when kyle and 
krystal were pimping jill stein?  the vanguard boys.  amy goodmanso
 many, many more.  in fact, you just have to look at who trashed medhi 
hasan for asking actual questions in the interview he did with jill and 
little "butchy" ware -- i forget his real first name but so has he.immigrants
 are suffering now, lgbtq+ people are suffering now, the country is 
suffering now and it's only going to get worse but the green party, via 
jill's campaign manager, has made clear that they did the right thing 
--- what they'd planned to do all along -- by putting chump back into 
the white house.they are not your friends. the vanguard's blowing sloppy kisses to saagar.  that's how they're helping the country?a known homophobe and transphobe and they're blowing kisses to him.i
 remember when nut job marianne williamson went on bill maher's podcast 
as part of her never ending and always failing bid to be the 2024 
presidential nomination.  i do not watch trash tv.  
that's how i have never stumbled across bill maher on any network -- not
 comedy central, not abc, not hbo.but the vanguard boyz watch bill and they did some clips of marianne's visit to bill's podcast and praised her.for?when bill maher started trashing trans people, marianne did the right thing.that's what zac and gavin insisted.the wrong thing?to defend trans people.  no, marianne stayed silent and "focused" and ignored it and just made the points she wanted to make.zac
 and gavin, i try to be kind due to your young age but surely even you 
now realize that marianne was never, ever going to get the nomination 
and that it was surely more important for marianne to stand up to 
transphobia in that moment in time.if she had, she might have even got some support. ava and i covered this at third -- see "media: marianne's campaigning for right wingers, cornel's trying to destroy the green party." 
 how her 2020 effort found her embracing lgbtq+ rights and doing it over
 and over -- including on twitter -- but how in her campaign for 2024, 
she wasn't just silent in the face of attacks on trans people, she was 
also silent on twitter and every platform.  let's be really clear that after her actions during the aids crisis, marianne will always have a lot to answer for.  but she went to krystal and kyle's wedding and that's all that mattered, right?the green party has now made clear that the whole point of jill stein's campaign was to get chump back in the white house.that should lead to outrage.  people should be outraged over the soft ball interview that amy and juan conducted with jill and little butchy.her
 whole goal -- as many of us pointed out in real time -- was to hand the
 white house to chump.  her own children who opposed her run noted that 
was her goal.  now her campaign manager has admitted it as well.a lot of people have to answer for that.  and
 again don't come at me with numbers.  i hate the stupid idiots who 
think they understand campaign politics.  how many campaigns have you 
been a part of?  how many classes did you take in campaign politics 
(international relations and campaign politics were the two fields of 
poli sci i emphasized for my undergraduate and my graduate work).  jill 
was there to poison perception -- the same thing amy goodman did every 
day on democracy now!as i have noted repeatedly: we 
have the numbers.  forget the greens, forget the closet socialists.  we 
have the numbers.  we can elect democrats.  but we have to turn out.that's
 why the gop, every damn year, is focused nation-wide and state-wide on 
how to reduce our access to the ballot.  because we have the numbers.that's why, if we turn out, we win.jill
 stein's garbage and rashida's and all the closet case socialists was 
about defeating kamala.  they had to create the perception that she 
wasn't worth voting for to try to keep some people home.  voting's hard 
for a lot of people.  there are those with children -- not just young 
children, trying having middle school kids in sports and other school 
activities -- there are those who can't drive themselves, there are 
those who work the graveyard shift.  there are so many things so many 
people are dealing with.  and if i've stayed up all 
night in the hospital with a loved one and i can now go home to sleep 
right away or i can go vote?  i'm tired, i'm drifting off and if you're 
giving me any reason to think my vote doesn't matter or the person's not
 going to fight for me, i'm going home to sleep.that's
 what they did, they poisoned the well.  they screwed with perception.  
and still chump didn't get 50% of the vote.  because kamala ran a great 
campaign and i'm not in the mood for a closet case named sam seder to 
say otherwise.  yesterday's snapshot led to whining in the public e-mail.  "so we can't even criticize hakeem jeffries?"if
 you're asking me, what you can't do is read.  i don't know why that 
is?  could be a learning disorder (i'm dyslexic) or maybe you're just 
too damn lazy.  but clearly you can't read:you don't think hakeem is doing all you want?you're probably right.  so pressure him.he's
 in a spot that no one's been in for decades.  nancy pelosi is probably on 
her way out the door and that's probably why he went to silicon valley. 
 he's got to walk.  she can't carry him.  for over two decades, nancy 
pulled in the big money.  that's why she ascended to leadership to begin
 with.  that and some well timed and played blackmail.  (a former texas 
house rep still feels the sting from where she burned him.)  minority 
leader or speaker of the house, they have to reassure donors.  'we don't
 need big donors!'  yes, we do.  as 2024 demonstrated, we really can't 
count on 'the left.'  democrats can only count on democrats currently.  
and we need to grasp that and move forward.  i
 like chuck schumer.  i don't even know hakeem.  but i like chuck.  that
 said, i haven't stepped in to try to defend chuck.  chuck has been 
doing his job for years and i am extremely disappointed with what he's 
doing currently. i'm also aware that no one's coming to rescue us.  
we're going to have to rescue ourselves.  so i don't slam chuck out of 
rage.  but, again, he's done the job for years and should know what's 
needed now.  hakeem is getting ready to solo.  if nancy has a popular 
challenger, she will announce she's not running for re-election in 
2028.  (i don't see her dropping out in 2026, but i could be wrong.)  so
 if you want to make demands on hakeem, do so.  but i'm not grasping the
 hatred and i'm certainly recognizing an organized campaign from outside
 the democratic party.and 
before 2024, i would've just shaken my head and focused on other 
things.  but what those who hide in the shadows did to us in 2024 will 
not be forgotten or forgiven.  we are living under donald chump's threats and abuses because of dsa and their trickery.  we
 were calling out the trickery that the usual con artists were pulling. 
 they couldn't attack hakeem with the truth so they selectively edited a
 statement from a public press conference.  and this is how stupid the 
dsa thinks americans are -- a public press conference.  they didn't 
expect that anyone would pull it up to see what they done.  tabitha did 
right away.  and she documented on camera which is why we put her video 
in there.in a minute, we'll be noting an issue 
regarding gaza that apparently everyone missed.  my excuse is that i 
don't cover it anymore.  but every day there's so much to cover.  
yesterday, what i missed was how useless dsa is.yes, i
 noted their edit but i was on the phone with a friend discussing it 
last night when i talked about how wasteful dsa is (he's a former 
dsa-er, by the way) and how they distract from real issues and pointed 
out what a waste of time attacks on hakeem were.  and how hakeem is not 
losing his job and --yeah, that's what i forgot in my rush yesterday.hakeem
 is the minority leader.  that vote already went down.  they're trying 
to bloody him -- the dsa is -- and they're pretending that they can take
 him down.no, they can't.and their notion seems to be that aoc then replaces him.no.the
 democratic party, bound and determined to win the 2026 mid-terms, is 
not going to put aoc in charge of the house democrats.  she's a 
socialist.  she and dsa are having problems but she remains a 
socialist.  and i'm so sorry for the ed wood crowd of the left but 
socialism doesn't get votes.that's your fault if you 
are a dsa-er because you hide and lie.  it's your job to educate the 
american people on socialism, not mine.  you hide and you lie and you 
trick.  again, the sep doesn't hide in a closet.  other socialists don't hide in closets.but
 this is one more example of what a waste of time dsa is.  they decided 
to selectively edit hakeem speaking to make him look bad and sew 
dissension and told the idiots stupid enough to believe them that it was
 time for hakeem to go!!!!hakeem's not going anywhere.  he's the minority leader. that could change in a year or two.  but he's the leader.there's
 so much that we need to work on to save our country.  instead, we've 
got the dsa conning people into believing they can knock hakeem out and 
replace him with a socialist like aoc or rahsida or greg casar. and
 we noted greg all the time.  the minute rashida ran into trouble we 
posted everything her office issued.  when cori bush ran into trouble, 
the same.  the difference now is that dsa actively worked to destroy to kamala's campaign.if
 they'd done that to hillary (and to a degree, they did), i would've 
just shrugged and focused on the next election.  but this wasn't an 
unknown.  we knew it was chump or kamala, we knew chump was a convicted 
criminal who led an insurrection against the country and who would rule 
out of hate and fear and try to destroy our country.that's
 the difference now.  i love the michigan green party but i've ignored 
everything they've sent in the last two weeks.  i'm just not in the 
mood.  i was happy to promote all on the left.  up until you worked to destroy our country.chump
 was not an unknown.  he was a very real threat and when we needed to 
pull together?  a number of you worked instead to put him back in the 
white house.that's unforgivable.  what
 you have done to this country is unforgivable.  the lives that are 
being destroyed because of your actions and lies is unforgivable.this
 is not "oh my preferred candidate didn't win!"  this is: you actively 
worked to put this country into a dangerous situation that could lead to
 our destruction.that is not forgivable. some
 e-mails to the public account say that hakeem's got to go because he's 
complaining in private about pressure being put on him.oh, the horror!he's complaining?i feel so insulted!!!!of course he's complaining.  we're his boss.  we're on his ass.  we're demanding he get to work.i
 don't know what kind of frank capra lunatic world you live in (one that
 lets you overlook the fact that capra was a government snitch, for one 
thing) but politicians complain about the people they represent all the 
time.  and that's fine.  as long as they get that we're the boss, not 
them.this isn't, 'hey, if you can, stay about 15 
minutes late and try to get three or four calls done.'  this is: you 
work for us, start defending us.and if he's pissed -- 
he may not be, that's an anonymouse story -- great.  and work to get him
 more pissed so he knows he has to answer to us.  that is politics. let's note rachel maddow from last night on msnbc. i'm
 trying to let the gaza freaks cover gaza.  i did my part and i'm not 
really in the mood these days.  but i was on the phone last night with a
 friend (news producer -- not at msnbc) and he was asking my thoughts on
 a recent event.  i shared my take.  he said no one covered that.  a 
huge event at the white house and no one covered it.  so i said i'd 
mention it here (he's a tv producer, the moment has passed, they've 
moved on as tv does).  pablo r. suanzes (el mundo) reports:the
 us president insists that it is easy, "and two million people is a 
small number," while abdullah avoids committing but also contradicting 
him to avoid losing $1.5 billion in annual aid.faces
 of circumstance, uncomfortable silences, and evasions. king abdullah ii
 of jordan traveled to washington this week, met with donald trump at
 the white house, and has a lot at stake. and that's why the situation 
could not have been more uncomfortable when the president of the united states,
 in response to journalists' questions, insisted on his plans for the 
gaza strip, which include jordan, an important ally in the region, 
voluntarily or involuntarily hosting millions of gazans, who would be 
illegally expelled from their land forever, as trump said this past 
weekend, without considering their right to return.trump
 reiterated on tuesday that washington will take control of gaza and 
will not back down. with what authority will all this be done? "with 
that of the united states," he
 stated. "it's not something complex to do. and with the united states 
in control of that piece of land, a fairly large piece of land, we will 
have stability in the middle east for the first time," trump declared 
from the oval office.when
 pressed, given that he described it in terms of real estate operation, 
if it was part of his plans to do business personally, the president 
stated that it was not because "i have had a great career in the real 
estate sector," he said laughing. "we are not going to buy, there is 
nothing to buy. it is a devastated place. we are going to take control, 
manage [gaza], preserve it, and give it value. it could be a diamond,"
 he added, attacking hamas, whom he described as "bullies and weak" and 
reiterating that they have a clear ultimatum to continue releasing the 
israeli hostages from october 7.blah blah blah bulls**t and then some writing about foreign aid money.is that how this was covered? i've
 met and spoken with the current king -- abdullah the second -- but i 
actually knew his father.  and i know queen noor -- abdullah ii's step 
mother. so when i saw the footage of chump's hideous meeting and saw the
 look on abdullah's face, i assumed the press would be covering this as 
the international incident it was.what chump did was appalling.i'm
 not just talking about his idiotic plan to take over gaza and expel the 
palestinian people.  that's bad and would have been bad with the saudi 
crown prince mohammed bin salman al saud seated next to him or egyptian president abdel fattah el-sisi seated next to him.but king abdulla ii? queen rania of jordan.  does no one get it?she's palestinian.it
 was bad for chump to make those insulting remarks with any middle east 
leader sitting beside him.  but it was a huge and grave insult to make 
those remarks when it was king abdullah ii sitting beside him.if
 that's not been covered by the us and the international press -- going 
by the call last night and  e-mails, it hasn't -- that's a huge glaring error and they need 
to up their game tremendously.when
 i saw the footage on tv, my thoughts were, "he's trying to humiliate 
the king."  and i thought that because of rania's parents (both 
palestinians). it was also an insult to the four children he and rania 
have. the plan itself is offensive, impractical and built upon hate and greed.  steven bennen (msnbc) reports:it’s been about a week since donald trump surprised much of the world by announcing that he wants the united states to take a “long-term ownership position” over gaza. as the president described it, americans would both “take over” and “own” the area, and when asked about the possibility of deploying u.s. military forces to gaza, the republican added, “we’ll do what is necessary.”there was reporting soon
 after that the white house had not done “even the most basic planning 
to examine the feasibility of the idea.” instead, trump just blurted out
 his radical thought, failing to even alert the state department or the 
pentagon in advance.as confusion reigned at the white house, trump apparently thought he could help clear things up with a 107-word missive published to his social media platform. in it, the republican said gaza “would be turned over to the united states” — he didn’t say how, when or why — and palestinians would be “resettled” in some other countries that he didn’t identify.the president continues to lean into this. in a fox news interview that aired monday, trump said palestinians would not have the right to return to gaza as part of his plan. in the same interview, the republican said, in reference to the territory, “i would own this.”a day later, after threatening to cut off u.s. aid to jordan and egypt, trump met with jordan’s king abdullah ii at the white house, and went even further.“we’re going to take it, we’re going to hold it,” the president told reporters, in reference to gaza, failing to explain how, exactly, this is supposed to happen.while we're talking about how chump's destroying us relations with other countries, we can't forget south africa.   at responsible statecraft, john matisonn writes:president
 donald trump’s attack on south africa has brought relations between 
washington and pretoria to their lowest point since sanctions were 
imposed on the previous apartheid government in 1986.it
 is also likely to reduce or eliminate white house participation in this
 year’s g20 meeting, hosted by south african president cyril ramaphosa 
in johannesburg in november. secretary of state marco rubio announced 
last week that he will not attend the g20 foreign ministers’ preparatory
 meeting in protest.in
 south africa, this row comes seven months into a coalition government 
that is testing the ability of the former liberation movement, the 
african national congress (anc), to work with its partner, the strongly 
pro-western democratic alliance (da), which represents about 90% of 
white voters.ramaphosa’s
 anc chose the da over the third and fourth largest parties, which are 
black, anti-western breakaways from the anc that accuse the president of
 failing to address historic black land claims. under this intense 
political pressure, the anc produced an expropriation act it hoped would
 satisfy all sides.the
 coalition government’s success depends on whether it can restore 
economic growth and reverse rising joblessness after 15 years of 
stagnation.the spat began when trump charged that
 “terrible things are happening in south africa, they’re confiscating 
land and actually they’re doing things that are perhaps far worse than 
that.” at the same time, u.s. billionaire and the head of trump’s 
department of government efficiency elon musk, who was born in south 
africa, has accused pretoria of doing little to stop a “genocide” of white farmers.oh, is that how we're going to tell the story?how
 about we get real?  how about we note -- as ava and i did on sunday in 
"media: owned finds eoin higgins owned by bad journalism" -- that it's not just alien musk.  david sacks -- another huge chump 
donor -- also grew up in south africa and unlike some idiots write -- 
especially in bad books -- neither man left south africa to go to 
college.  they did leave.  they did go to college.  but the issue was 
why they left.  because they were whites who had benefitted -- as had 
their entire families -- from the racism of apartheid.  they feared that
 if they stayed in south africa, the black people would rise up against 
them.  no one with a brain would have blamed a single black person if 
that had taken place.  but it didn't.  but as apartheid began to 
crumble, white boys like david  and alien ran out of the country as fast
 as they could.  but we're not done yet.  peter thiel is also a huge 
chump donor who also spent some formative years in south africa as he 
enjoyed being white in a country that actively attacked and 
discriminated against black people.as ava and i noted:if anyone feels noting the above three stories on south africa  is 'a little much,' maybe they went to school with eoin higgins?because
 the above is not minor.  his whole attitude reeks of white privilege. 
such as when he's failing to grasp that thiel's support of ron paul was 
not despite of paul's well known racism but actually because of the 
politician's well known racism.  equally true, he never notes the racist
 connection of rich supporters of donald chump to south africa.  or 
that,  for example, elon leaves south africa because apartheid is 
falling.  instead, he -- and thiel -- just happen o leave south africa, 
the country that has allowed them to benefit their entire life from 
their white skin while discriminating against black people.  the attacks
 on diversity, equity and inclusion is briefly noted in terms of when 
musk took over twitter and was appalled by the diversity he sees in the 
company's work force. higgins treats it as a quirk when, in fact, it's a
 built-in factory feature of three white men (musk, thiel and sacks) 
spending their formative years in an apartheid state that fed and 
deepened their bigotry and hate. this
 is what happens when racists throw a ton of money at a whore.  the 
whore ends up doing their bidding.   .this is not a coincidence so stop 
treating it like it is.  this is planned and planned due to racism. .let's wind down with this from senator patty murray's office:

murray: “if you think rfk jr. will 
change who he is, you are lying to yourself… if you do not draw a line 
somewhere, you will cross every line you could ever imagine. you will be
 pushed further and further into accepting things you never thought you 
would—things you never thought you could.”
icymi:
 in senate hearing, rfk jr. refuses to say hpv vaccine is safe to sen. 
patty murray, pressed on credible accusation of sexual assault
murray, a longtime congressional leader on health care who has led hearings on addressing vaccine hesitancy, has been a leading vocal opponent of rfk jr.’s nomination—speaking out on the senate floor, holding events, raising the alarm after meeting with him
*** video of senator murray’s floor speech here***
washington, d.c. — today, u.s. senator patty murray 
(d-wa), a senior member and former chair of the senate health, 
education, labor, and pensions (help) committee, took to the senate 
floor to warn of the very real dangers that lie ahead if republicans 
insist on confirming rfk jr. as secretary of the u.s. department of 
health and human services (hhs) and urge her colleagues to “show some 
courage… show some conscience” and vote against this nomination.
murray laid out the many ways rfk jr. could undermine vaccines as hhs
 secretary—as well as so much else that’s at stake with his 
confirmation. murray pointed out that, if confirmed, there will be 
nothing stopping rfk jr. from firing the cdc’s entire vaccine advisory 
committee—responsible for making recommendations about vaccines and 
indirectly determines which vaccines must be covered by insurance—and 
replacing them all with vaccine skeptics. rfk jr. will also oversee fda,
 another agency he has repeatedly tried to discredit and attack—and 
where he has said he plans to fire hundreds of scientists on day one.
“my colleagues should know better. they do know better,” said murray on the senate floor.
 “but they are looking the other way. they are choosing to pretend like 
it is in any way believable that rfk jr. won’t use his new power to do exactly the thing he has been trying to do for decades—undermine vaccines.”
murray spoke about how rfk jr. will also have jurisdiction over nih, 
where he could redirect funds away from promising cures, or make good on
 his plan to fire hundreds of researchers and pause infectious disease research. pointing to donald trump and elon musk’s’ recent attacks on nih biomedical research funding, murray said: “at
 a time when lifesaving research like this is already under attack from 
the president and the richest man in the world, no one who truly values 
medical research should vote to install one of the biggest attackers of 
medical science as the secretary of health and human services.”
murray also spoke about health insurance—another huge 
responsibility for hhs. “last time trump was in office, we saw millions 
of people lose their health coverage,” murray said.
 “the uninsured rate went up after years of hard-won progress, and we 
all know he still wants to rip up the affordable care act—driving up 
costs and kicking people off their coverage. and there’s no reason to 
think mr. kennedy will stand up to that effort. indeed, there is no 
reason to think he has the experience and understanding of the system to
 do so. during his committee hearings, rfk jr. confused medicare and 
medicaid—basic stuff—and failed to describe the components of medicare.”
murray also hammered how rfk jr. poses an enormous risk to 
reproductive health care in america—pointing out that not only did rfk 
jr. confess to having no real understanding of the department’s role in 
enforcing americans’ right to emergency care, but he showed he will be 
totally open to republicans’ efforts to rip away access to medication 
abortion nationwide.
also noting the danger of putting rfk jr. in charge of pandemic threats, murray emphasized that
 “we cannot take this man at his word—something he has changed and gone 
back and forth on time and again. but we can take him at his 
record—which is that he has consistently undermined vaccine confidence 
and even profited from it.”
“i cannot tell my colleagues enough: this isn’t a game, this 
is not a political role without consequence, the health secretary has 
real power over whether americans can get basic information and care 
that impacts whether they live or die,” murray continued.
“so if my colleagues are feeling the pressure from president 
trump or if they are feeling the weight of the richest man in the world 
on their backs, i would warn them: this will certainly not be 
the last test we face here in the senate… if you do not draw a line 
somewhere, you will cross every line you could ever imagine. you will be
 pushed further and further into accepting things you never thought you 
would—things you never thought you could.
“i think most of my colleagues know what is really at stake 
here. i think most of my colleagues know what sort of man rfk jr. is and
 what sort of damage he could do if confirmed. there are political 
realities, we all get that—but there is also right and wrong… so, i urge
 all my colleagues to show some courage. i urge them to show some 
conscience. i urge them to join me in voting no on rfk jr.’s 
nomination,” murray concluded.
when president-elect donald j. trump first announced his intention to select robert f. kennedy jr. as secretary of hhs, murray immediately and forcefully condemned
 the move—and she has consistently spoken out and laid out for her 
colleagues the case against his nomination since, including in a lengthy
 senate floor speech earlier this month—video here. murray met with rfk jr. on january 15th and released a statement afterward reiterating her opposition to his nomination and urging her colleagues, “to
 be honest with themselves about the stakes of putting one of the 
anti-vaccine movement’s loudest, proudest champions in charge of hhs and
 join me in opposing rfk jr.’s nomination.” in december, murray held a roundtable discussion
 at uw medicine on the importance of scientific research and 
vaccines—especially for children—and spoke about how having rfk jr. lead
 hhs would threaten americans’ health and safety. at the hearing on his nomination
 before the senate help committee, senator murray pressed rfk jr. to 
acknowledge that the hpv vaccine was safe and effective—he would not—and
 respond to credible accusations of sexual assault.
as a longtime appropriator and former chair of the senate help 
committee, murray has long fought to boost biomedical research, 
strengthen public health infrastructure, and make health care more 
affordable and accessible. over her years as a senior member of the 
appropriations committee, she has secured billions of dollars in 
increases for biomedical research at the national institutes of health, 
and during her time as chair of the help committee she established the new arpa-h research agency as part of her prevent pandemics act to
 advance some of the most cutting-edge research in the field. as chair 
of the help committee, murray was also instrumental in crafting the american rescue plan act, including its landmark investments in public health and health care. senator murray was also the lead democratic negotiator of the bipartisan 21st century cures act, which
 delivered a major federal investment to boost nih research, among many 
other investments. murray is also the lead sponsor of the public health infrastructure saves lives act
 (phisla), legislation to establish $4.5 billion in dedicated, annual 
funding for a grant program to build up and maintain the nation’s public
 health system across the board. 
in 2019, senator murray co-led a bipartisan hearing
 in the help committee on vaccine hesitancy and spoke about the 
importance of addressing vaccine skepticism and getting people the facts
 they need to keep their families and communities safe and healthy. 
ahead of the hearing, as multiple states were facing measles outbreaks 
in under-vaccinated areas, murray sent a bipartisan letter
 with former help committee chair lamar alexander (r-tn) pressing the 
centers for disease control and prevention (cdc) director and hhs 
assistant secretary for health on their efforts to promote vaccination 
and vaccine confidence.
senator murray’s full remarks on the senate floor, as delivered are below and here:
“mr. president, the american people are watching now with 
alarm—because the vast majority of people know: vaccines are safe, 
they’re effective, they are lifesaving.
but we are now on the verge of confirming, as our nation’s 
highest health official, a man who has spent considerable time, money, 
and effort undermining that basic fact.
“a man who has abused his platform by refusing to acknowledge the 
well-established science that shows that vaccines arenot linked to 
autism. fear about that point—fueled by rfk jr. and others peddling 
misinformation—is a leading reason that parents do not get their kids 
vaccinated against preventable, dangerous diseases.
“that’s why elevating a man like rfk jr. to lead hhs would be so dangerous. just giving him any
 platform to spread vaccine doubt is dangerous. but to give him one of 
the biggest megaphones in the world? it is truly shameful that we even 
are debating this.
“my colleagues should know better. they actually do 
know better. they are looking the other way. they are choosing to 
pretend like it is in any way believable that rfk jr. won’t use his new 
power to do exactly the thing he has been trying to do for decades—undermine vaccines.
“never mind the fact that cdc has already modified webpages with 
information about vaccines and other vital public health 
information—which a federal judge has now ordered the trump 
administration to restore.
“never mind that the trump administration is also, reportedly, 
planning widespread and significant layoffs—layoffs—at cdc and across 
hhs.
“this is how rfk jr. substitutes his own beliefs for science. so, 
when the vaccine conspiracies start swirling—and rfk jr. turns hhs into 
ground zero for misinformation—‘i had no idea’ is not going to be an excuse for confirming him.
“because at the help committee hearing, the chair pressed him 
repeatedly about the debunked claim that vaccines cause autism. and when
 rfk jr. said he needed to ‘see the evidence,’ he was shown the 
evidence. but, to no one’s surprise, he did not keep his word, admit 
he’d been wrong, and spread the good news that vaccines do not cause autism.
“he has had two weeks since that hearing to look at the same 
settled science as everyone else—crickets. but he won’t hesitate to 
quote the latest anti-vax conspiracy. he is totally up to speed on that 
front.
“are my colleagues really buying this guy will take an impartial look at the science?
“if you think rfk jr. will change who he is, you are lying to 
yourself. he has given no evidence to suggest that—and all the evidence 
in the world to the contrary.
“given his long, and growing track record, we cannot just pretend if 
rfk jr. finally gets power to undermine vaccines—a cause that he has 
dedicated a considerable amount of time and effort to—that he’ll just 
give it up. that is not believable.
“and i know i’ve been talking a lot about vaccines—because it is so 
obviously alarming—but the responsibility he would have goes far beyond 
that.
“so, let’s break some of this down—both the ways he could undermine 
vaccines as hhs secretary, and the other responsibilities that would be 
at stake.
“to start with, the cdc is under hhs. that means that the secretary 
directly appoints people to cdc’s vaccine advisory board. that board is 
responsible for making recommendations about vaccines—and it is those 
recommendations that determine whether or not certain vaccines have to 
be covered by insurance.
“so, simply put: changing those recommendations will change what 
vaccines millions of americans, including kids, will be able to get from
 their health care provider.“if he is confirmed, there 
would be nothing stopping rfk jr. from firing the entire board and 
replacing them all with vaccine skeptics.
“after all, he has said many times, and in many ways, he thinks cdc 
is corrupt and bought by pharma—as usual, by the way, without any 
evidence.
“rfk. jr. would also oversee the food and drug administration; that 
is another agency he has repeatedly tried to discredit and attack—where 
he says he plans to fire—fire!—hundreds of scientists on day one. and an
 agency that plays the crucial role of making sure our drugs and our 
treatments—including vaccines—are safe and effective.
“not only would mr. kennedy have a key perch from which he 
could undermine vaccines on a scale like never seen before, he could 
also use his platform to peddle quack treatments with no basis in 
science.
“rfk jr. would also have jurisdiction over nih. that alone means 
influence over billions of dollars in medical research—research that is 
responsible for a significant portion of our economy, and more 
importantly, research that patients are desperately hoping will help 
them find cures. 
“but rfk jr. could redirect those funds to promote his favorite pet conspiracies instead of promising cures.
“or he could make good on his plan to fire hundreds of researchers and pause infectious disease research—for eight years. it should go without saying: viruses aren’t going to take a break.“and here’s the thing—the attacks on medical research are now already happening under trump. from his day one executive orders, president trump has already been threatening medical research.
“suddenly, all of our grants are at risk because they are looking at 
addressing ‘barriers to care’ or understanding why black and native 
american women have higher maternal death rates.
“and now—president trump also is trying to illegally, arbitrarily, 
and suddenly change nih guidelines to set an unrealistically low cap on 
indirect cost rates. that would mean researchers are laid off, 
studies canceled—including lifesaving clinical trials—and kids are not 
able to get the treatment they need.
“all because president trump and elon musk don’t seem to 
understand how we actually fund important research, and couldn’t even be
 bothered to find out before taking an axe to medical research labs.
“at a time when lifesaving research like this is already under attack from the president, and the richest man in the world, no one
 who truly values medical research should vote to install one of the 
biggest attackers of medical science as the secretary of health and 
human services.
“and, m. president, insurance is another huge portfolio for hhs. last
 time trump was in office, we saw millions of people lose their health 
care coverage. the uninsured rate went up after years of 
hard-won progress, and we all know he still wants to rip up the 
affordable care act—which will drive up costs and kick people off their 
coverage.
“there’s no reason to think mr. kennedy will stand up to that effort.
 indeed, there is no reason to think he has the experience and 
understanding of the system to actually do so.
“during his committee hearings, rfk jr. confused medicare and
 medicaid—this is basic stuff! he failed to describe the components of 
medicare. 
“and yes, mr. president, i also absolutely have to talk about abortion care. this is of grave importance—especially right now.
“in his hearings, not only did rfk jr. confess to having no real 
understanding of emtala—that is a law which requires patients have 
access to lifesaving emergency care including, in some cases, abortion 
care—he also showed that he will be totally open to republicans’ 
fact-free efforts to rip away access to medication abortion.
“like so many other issues that rfk jr. is simply wrong about, the science on that has been settled for many years now.
“mr. kennedy made clear though, he is very open to revisiting access 
to the abortion pill, based on a republican argument against the science
 that basically boils down to: ‘nuh uh, nuh uh!’
“putting up barriers to accessing the abortion pill—or 
ripping it off the market completely, as republicans have made very 
clear they want to do—would be absolutely devastating.
“and let’s not forget about pandemic threats. the lies that rfk jr. 
spread during the last pandemic already make clear he is not the man to 
do this job. but if that weren’t enough, when there was a 
pandemic threat response planning session for this new administration—he
 skipped it! he didn’t go! it would almost be comical if this wasn’t so 
serious.
“mr. president, everywhere you look, everything about this nominee is so concerning.
“we cannot take this man at his word—something he has changed
 and gone back and forth on time and time again. but we can take him on 
his record—which is that he has consistently undermined vaccine 
confidence and, by the way, note: he even profited from that.
“and we can take the threat of what he might do seriously, especially given the alarming things that are already happening.
“if rfk jr. gives you his word of honor, that he won’t freeze
 research—well guess what? we are already seeing the trump 
administration totally upend medical research. thanks to the trump 
funding freeze, nih hasn’t issued any grant awards in weeks!
“if rfk jr. swears that he is not going to take down 
information about vaccines, that he is not going to silence experts, 
well don’t look now—but the trump administration has already taken down 
or changed cdc pages about vaccines. they have already silenced public 
health experts.
“if rfk jr. pinky promises you that he won’t undermine 
medical science or studies, and he won’t ignore global health threats, 
well, you might want to sit down for this—but president trump has 
completely demolished our global health aid work. he has already 
completely demolished it.
“the fallout is utterly heart wrenching. already we know of a
 woman who died—because the usaid-supported hospital she went to for 
oxygen was forced to discharge her because they got a ‘stop-work’ order 
from the trump administration.
“it is not clear if she was the first death caused by trump’s 
complete freeze, but there is no question, she will not be the last.
“and mr. president—let me make a really important point here: it 
is not just people across the world who will be affected by this.
“there was a study being done on a new hiv treatment with 
thousands of volunteers, a study being done already having a thousand 
volunteers doing the treatment. but now, without their regular 
injections, which are cut off because of trump’s move, there is going to
 be too little of the drug in their system to protect those people from 
hiv—but enough of the drug that if they contract hiv, it could mutate to
 become drug resistant.
“so, for all the absolutely unhinged conspiracies we have 
heard about medical research from rfk jr. and the like, where is the 
concern for this actual risk, in this actual study, happening right now 
all because president trump cut off foreign assistance?
“rfk jr. has been silent about that risk, silent about how 
wrong that is—and so, even as he is making these empty promises on one 
hand to some of our colleagues, he is already standing by as president 
trump breaks them on the other hand.
“oh, and here’s one more—if rfk jr. says he is going to consult you on health care personnel, please do not be fooled.
“look, i don’t know why my colleagues need me to tell them 
this—i like to think we have some pretty smart people around here—but 
this vote, rfk jr.’s own nomination, this is your consultation on health care personnel. not some made up promise for later. this is the point you have the most power.
“whatever he might say, you don’t get to choose who rfk jr. will appoint to this or that—heck, he doesn’t get to choose who president trump appoints. 
“the decision you get to make, all of us on this floor get to make, is the decision on this floor before us right now. you get to choose who you vote to confirm. and you will have to live with that decision.
“and, if you ignore the warning signs, and confirm rfk 
jr.—then, when the wheels fall off the wagon, you may try to tell 
yourself you were lied to, but you knew who you were dealing with. you 
knew who you were dealing with. you knew what he has said before, and 
what he has refused to say.
“you had all the knowledge you needed to do the right thing.
“i cannot tell my colleagues enough: this is not a game, this
 is not a political role without consequence. the health secretary has 
real power over whether americans can get basic information and care 
that impacts whether they live or die.
“as i have tried to drive home throughout this process—vaccines save lives. that is not a question. it is not a slogan. it is a fact.
“if, when parents look to you, worried about their newborn, 
wanting to do what is best for their baby, and trusting your advice as a
 public health leader—if you cannot tell them the same truth that 
centuries of science and experience tells us, which is that vaccines are
 safe, effective, and lifesaving, then you have absolutely no business leading the department of health and human services. none. 
“and so, just as i did at the hearing, i want to warn all of 
my colleagues: by merely voting to confirm mr. kennedy, we would be 
telling our constituents he is worth listening to on vaccines. that 
alone will get people killed—before he even lifts a finger.
“because he does not even need the levers of power to get people killed—all he needs is a megaphone.
“to affirm his views by voting to confirm him as our highest health official—let’s not mince words about what that will mean.
“when babies die from whooping cough because parents weren’t 
sure the vaccine was safe—will you be able to look them in the eye? when
 the flu sweeps our nursing homes, when measles sweeps through our 
communities—will it be worth it?
“mr. president, i will end on this—i’m sure there are plenty of 
members who know perfectly well just how dangerous it would be to 
confirm rfk jr. they don’t need to hear it from me—in fact, some of them
 may even know the danger better than i do.
“but here’s what i do know: conscience is a muscle. courage is a muscle. the less you use them, the more they fade away.
“so if my colleagues are feeling the pressure from president 
trump or if they are feeling the weight of the richest man in the world 
on their backs on this vote, i would warn them: this will certainly not 
be the last test we face here in the senate.
“giving into pressure now won’t make it go away. it won’t soften the 
pressure you face later, and it will not strengthen your resolve when 
the stakes are higher. it will just show: pressure works.
“if you do not draw a line somewhere, you will cross 
every line you could ever imagine. you will be pushed further and 
further into accepting things you never thought you would—things you 
thought you never could.
“i think most of my colleagues know what is really at stake 
here. i think most of my colleagues knowwhat sort of man rfk jr. is, and
 what sort of damage he could do if confirmed.
“there are political realities, we all get that—but there is also right and wrong. there is also fact and fiction.
“there is people staying healthy, and people dying pointlessly—kids dying
 pointlessly—from diseases that we can prevent, because they thought 
congress took its job vetting our health secretary seriously.
“so, m. president, i urge all my colleagues to show some 
courage. i urge them to show some conscience. i urge them to vote no on 
rfk jr.’s nomination.”
###
 isaiah's the world today just nuts "lincoln hater" and "i have two daddies" went up last night.   the following sites updated:









 raw story




gop 'acrobatics' on trump nominee explained by reporter: 'they're scared'



46 minutes ago












paul krugman




elon musk is faking it



2 hours ago












kbla - tavis smiley's talk radio




driftwood capital initiates new driftwood lifestyle & luxury division



2 hours ago












music




for many la musicians, the wildfires took their homes — and their 
livelihoods



3 hours ago












npr topics: home page top stories




dear life kit: my friend kissed me and i liked it. now he wants to take it 
back!



3 hours ago












world news: iraq | guardian.co.uk




usaid cuts sow feeling of betrayal among yazidis, 10 years after is genocide



5 hours ago












oh boy it never ends




captain america, melissa gilbert



11 hours ago












mikey likes it!




fetty crap, seth rogen and buddy carter



11 hours ago












thomas friedman is a great man




the legal threat to the system that is donald chump



11 hours ago












trina's kitchen




oven baked chicken breast in the kitchen



11 hours ago












ruth's report




one example after another of just how bad donald chump really is



11 hours ago












sex and politics and screeds and attitude




tom cruise and that aging face



11 hours ago












like maria said paz




marjorie and boe-boe



11 hours ago












kat's korner (of the common ills)




the new rock and roll hall of fame nominees



11 hours ago












ann's mega dub




donald chump hates black people



11 hours ago












sickofitradlz




donald chump is a demon



11 hours ago












pbs newshour - the latest




hegseth tells nato ukraine membership unlikely as trump says putin will 
discuss ending war



13 hours ago












gorilla radio




gorilla radio with chris cook, yves engler, ross crockford february 12, 2025



16 hours ago






posted by



trina




at

11:08 pm
















email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest

















older posts

home




subscribe to:
posts (atom)















my blog list










the common ills




democratic lawmakers sound alarm over doge presence at irs



9 minutes ago












mikey likes it!




fake asses



17 hours ago












sex and politics and screeds and attitude




they shouldn't have been pardoned



17 hours ago












like maria said paz




chump is destroying our way of life



17 hours ago












ruth's report




what to expect when a criminal's in the oval office



17 hours ago












kat's korner (of the common ills)




sheryl crow and smokey robinson



17 hours ago












sickofitradlz




ryan walters crashes and burns



17 hours ago












third estate sunday review




media: thrillers and spoilers



17 hours ago












oh boy it never ends




weekend box office



17 hours ago












the world today just nuts




just another presidential ho



19 hours ago












cedric's big mix




donald chump's side piece



19 hours ago












ann's mega dub




alien musk cries in his pillow



19 hours ago












the daily jot




this just in! alien musk stripped publicly!



19 hours ago












thomas friedman is a great man




love or lust, they've got it bad



19 hours ago















about me




trina


i'm not a "blogger."  just a woman trying to share some recipes and some thoughts.  there are a lot of serious bloggers and they deserve praise for their work.

view my complete profile






blog archive








        ▼ 
      



2025

(31)





        ▼ 
      



february

(11)

crockpot chicken and stuffing in the kitchen
ground chicken noodle casserole in the kitchen
oven baked chicken breast in the kitchen
ham and potato casserole in the kitchen
shrimp and crab casserole in the kitchen
a pig boy named colin king
buffalo cauliflower wings in the kitchen
30-minute pork chops with white wine mushroom sauce
giant taco roll in the kitchen
one pot cheesy sausage pasta in the kitchen
help! my apartment has a dining room cookbook: how...








        ► 
      



january

(20)









        ► 
      



2024

(239)





        ► 
      



december

(20)







        ► 
      



november

(20)







        ► 
      



october

(26)







        ► 
      



september

(18)







        ► 
      



august

(20)







        ► 
      



july

(21)







        ► 
      



june

(17)







        ► 
      



may

(21)







        ► 
      



april

(20)







        ► 
      



march

(19)







        ► 
      



february

(17)







        ► 
      



january

(20)









        ► 
      



2023

(245)





        ► 
      



december

(20)







        ► 
      



november

(19)







        ► 
      



october

(22)







        ► 
      



september

(20)







        ► 
      



august

(23)







        ► 
      



july

(17)







        ► 
      



june

(22)







        ► 
      



may

(21)







        ► 
      



april

(21)







        ► 
      



march

(22)







        ► 
      



february

(17)







        ► 
      



january

(21)









        ► 
      



2022

(232)





        ► 
      



december

(20)







        ► 
      



november

(21)







        ► 
      



october

(21)







        ► 
      



september

(20)







        ► 
      



august

(21)







        ► 
      



july

(19)







        ► 
      



june

(19)







        ► 
      



may

(21)







        ► 
      



april

(16)







        ► 
      



march

(18)







        ► 
      



february

(18)







        ► 
      



january

(18)









        ► 
      



2021

(225)





        ► 
      



december

(20)







        ► 
      



november

(17)







        ► 
      



october

(21)







        ► 
      



september

(18)







        ► 
      



august

(18)







        ► 
      



july

(20)







        ► 
      



june

(20)







        ► 
      



may

(18)







        ► 
      



april

(18)







        ► 
      



march

(22)







        ► 
      



february

(14)







        ► 
      



january

(19)









        ► 
      



2020

(252)





        ► 
      



december

(21)







        ► 
      



november

(19)







        ► 
      



october

(21)







        ► 
      



september

(21)







        ► 
      



august

(21)







        ► 
      



july

(23)







        ► 
      



june

(20)







        ► 
      



may

(19)







        ► 
      



april

(23)







        ► 
      



march

(22)







        ► 
      



february

(20)







        ► 
      



january

(22)









        ► 
      



2019

(241)





        ► 
      



december

(18)







        ► 
      



november

(17)







        ► 
      



october

(22)







        ► 
      



september

(21)







        ► 
      



august

(21)







        ► 
      



july

(21)







        ► 
      



june

(19)







        ► 
      



may

(20)







        ► 
      



april

(21)







        ► 
      



march

(22)







        ► 
      



february

(19)







        ► 
      



january

(20)









        ► 
      



2018

(227)





        ► 
      



december

(19)







        ► 
      



november

(18)







        ► 
      



october

(21)







        ► 
      



september

(15)







        ► 
      



august

(22)







        ► 
      



july

(16)







        ► 
      



june

(19)







        ► 
      



may

(19)







        ► 
      



april

(20)







        ► 
      



march

(21)







        ► 
      



february

(20)







        ► 
      



january

(17)









        ► 
      



2017

(233)





        ► 
      



december

(18)







        ► 
      



november

(18)







        ► 
      



october

(22)







        ► 
      



september

(18)







        ► 
      



august

(19)







        ► 
      



july

(19)







        ► 
      



june

(20)







        ► 
      



may

(20)







        ► 
      



april

(18)







        ► 
      



march

(22)







        ► 
      



february

(19)







        ► 
      



january

(20)









        ► 
      



2016

(205)





        ► 
      



december

(21)







        ► 
      



november

(20)







        ► 
      



october

(17)







        ► 
      



september

(13)







        ► 
      



august

(16)







        ► 
      



july

(16)







        ► 
      



june

(18)







        ► 
      



may

(15)







        ► 
      



april

(19)







        ► 
      



march

(18)







        ► 
      



february

(15)







        ► 
      



january

(17)









        ► 
      



2015

(233)





        ► 
      



december

(16)







        ► 
      



november

(16)







        ► 
      



october

(18)







        ► 
      



september

(15)







        ► 
      



august

(20)







        ► 
      



july

(21)







        ► 
      



june

(21)







        ► 
      



may

(21)







        ► 
      



april

(23)







        ► 
      



march

(22)







        ► 
      



february

(20)







        ► 
      



january

(20)









        ► 
      



2014

(253)





        ► 
      



december

(21)







        ► 
      



november

(20)







        ► 
      



october

(22)







        ► 
      



september

(18)







        ► 
      



august

(22)







        ► 
      



july

(22)







        ► 
      



june

(21)







        ► 
      



may

(22)







        ► 
      



april

(22)







        ► 
      



march

(21)







        ► 
      



february

(20)







        ► 
      



january

(22)









        ► 
      



2013

(253)





        ► 
      



december

(21)







        ► 
      



november

(20)







        ► 
      



october

(23)







        ► 
      



september

(19)







        ► 
      



august

(23)







        ► 
      



july

(21)







        ► 
      



june

(21)







        ► 
      



may

(21)







        ► 
      



april

(22)







        ► 
      



march

(22)







        ► 
      



february

(19)







        ► 
      



january

(21)









        ► 
      



2012

(253)





        ► 
      



december

(21)







        ► 
      



november

(20)







        ► 
      



october

(23)







        ► 
      



september

(20)







        ► 
      



august

(22)







        ► 
      



july

(20)







        ► 
      



june

(21)







        ► 
      



may

(24)







        ► 
      



april

(20)







        ► 
      



march

(22)







        ► 
      



february

(20)







        ► 
      



january

(20)









        ► 
      



2011

(250)





        ► 
      



december

(20)







        ► 
      



november

(21)







        ► 
      



october

(21)







        ► 
      



september

(21)







        ► 
      



august

(23)







        ► 
      



july

(20)







        ► 
      



june

(22)







        ► 
      



may

(19)







        ► 
      



april

(21)







        ► 
      



march

(23)







        ► 
      



february

(19)







        ► 
      



january

(20)









        ► 
      



2010

(253)





        ► 
      



december

(22)







        ► 
      



november

(21)







        ► 
      



october

(21)







        ► 
      



september

(21)







        ► 
      



august

(22)







        ► 
      



july

(21)







        ► 
      



june

(22)







        ► 
      



may

(20)







        ► 
      



april

(22)







        ► 
      



march

(23)







        ► 
      



february

(19)







        ► 
      



january

(19)









        ► 
      



2009

(199)





        ► 
      



december

(22)







        ► 
      



november

(20)







        ► 
      



october

(22)







        ► 
      



september

(21)







        ► 
      



august

(21)







        ► 
      



july

(20)







        ► 
      



june

(19)







        ► 
      



may

(15)







        ► 
      



april

(11)







        ► 
      



march

(13)







        ► 
      



february

(8)







        ► 
      



january

(7)









        ► 
      



2008

(68)





        ► 
      



december

(8)







        ► 
      



november

(9)







        ► 
      



october

(4)







        ► 
      



september

(4)







        ► 
      



august

(5)







        ► 
      



july

(6)







        ► 
      



june

(6)







        ► 
      



may

(7)







        ► 
      



april

(5)







        ► 
      



march

(6)







        ► 
      



february

(4)







        ► 
      



january

(4)









        ► 
      



2007

(59)





        ► 
      



december

(6)







        ► 
      



november

(5)







        ► 
      



october

(5)







        ► 
      



september

(6)







        ► 
      



august

(4)







        ► 
      



july

(5)







        ► 
      



june

(5)







        ► 
      



may

(5)







        ► 
      



april

(4)







        ► 
      



march

(5)







        ► 
      



february

(4)







        ► 
      



january

(5)









        ► 
      



2006

(49)





        ► 
      



december

(6)







        ► 
      



november

(4)







        ► 
      



october

(4)







        ► 
      



september

(4)







        ► 
      



august

(4)







        ► 
      



july

(4)







        ► 
      



june

(3)







        ► 
      



may

(4)







        ► 
      



april

(3)







        ► 
      



march

(4)







        ► 
      



february

(5)







        ► 
      



january

(4)














followers












































trina's kitchen


loading...











awesome inc. theme. powered by blogger.
























