
















	pilot center locator
































explore products






product categories

business jets
turboprops
piston
special missions
defense








compare products |
view site








compare products |
view site








view site



















citation



citation business jets
our elegant fleet of private jets is designed to fit a wide range of mission requirements with uncompromising style, comfort, and reliability.





compare models


view range map


pre-owned


special missions


financing


discover your aircraft









citation longitude

maximum range: 3,500 nm
maximum occupants: 12






citation latitude

maximum range: 2,700 nm
maximum occupants: 9






citation ascend

maximum range: 1,900 nm
maximum occupants: 12






citation cj4 gen3

maximum range: 2,165 nm
maximum occupants: 10






citation cj3 gen3

maximum range: 2,040 nm
maximum occupants: 9






citation m2 gen3

maximum range: 1,550 nm
maximum occupants: 7










citation


citation longitude
citation latitude
citation ascend
citation cj4 gen3
citation cj3 gen3
citation m2 gen3





turboprop



turboprop
both rugged and flexible, our legendary turboprops are configurable to your requirements. put the renowned payloads of one of our caravans to work for you.






compare models


view range map


pre-owned


special missions


financing









grand caravan ex

maximum range: 912 nm
maximum occupants: 10 - 14






cessna caravan

maximum range: 1,070 nm
maximum occupants: 10-14






cessna skycourier (freighter)

maximum range: 940 nm
maximum occupants: 2






cessna skycourier (passenger)

maximum range: 920 nm
maximum occupants: 19










turboprop


grand caravan ex
cessna caravan
cessna skycourier (freighter)
cessna skycourier (passenger)





piston



single engine aircraft
the leader in pilot training and recreation aircraft, cessna’s line of single-engine piston aircraft is unparalleled.





compare models


view range map


cessna pilot centers


top hawk program


special missions


financing









cessna turbo stationair hd

maximum range: 703 nm
maximum occupants: 6






cessna turbo skylane

maximum range: 971 nm
maximum occupants: 4






cessna skylane

maximum range: 915 nm
maximum occupants: 4






cessna skyhawk

maximum range: 640 nm
maximum occupants: 4










piston


cessna turbo stationair hd
cessna turbo skylane
cessna skylane
cessna skyhawk





service





pre-owned














pilot center locator
search near:










please enter your location in the search field above to find pilot centers near you.


















citation


citation m2 gen3


citation cj3 gen3


citation cj4 gen3


citation ascend


citation latitude


citation longitude




turboprop


caravan


grand caravan ex


cessna skycourier (freighter)


cessna skycourier (passenger)




piston


cessna skyhawk


cessna skylane


cessna turbo skylane


cessna turbo stationair


find your cpc




service


service home


locate service


learn about aog support


upgrade your aircraft


aircraft management


view your tech docs


warranty


customer portal


speak with us




company


overview


gift shop


sustainability


brand resources




media center


gallery


news




careers


employment


job search


hiring process


recruiting events


design. build. fly.


high school internships


students and grads


military


leadership development program


sales development program


aftermarket development program


life at textron aviation


total rewards




contact


general


aircraft sales








follow us




















© 2025 textron aviation inc.  all rights reserved. 


email sign up
email unsubscribe
terms of use
service order terms & conditions
privacy policy
ca supply chains act

cookie preferences


























