







	dc motors, linear actuators, lead screw | haydon kerk pittman








your browser is out of date. the site is optimized for ie 9 (not compatibility mode) and above, chrome 29, firefox 23 and safari 6.0.




















































skip to content










 
















        english





this site in other countries/regions:



select country to see regional site for haydonkerkpittman.com




 deutsch





中文





français





english





日本




 














   





login








 









toggle navigation 



productscustomized motion solutionslead screw and nut assemblieslead screw nut selection 3dp 3d printed prototype nutbfw general purpose-backlashcmp low tech anti-backlash nut khd moderate load anti-backlashntb highly customizable anti-backlashntg compact adjustable anti-backlash nutvhd maximum load anti-backlashwdg general purpose anti-backlashzba adjustable drag anti-backlashzbm world's smallest anti-backlashzbx ultra-smooth motionlead screws by size5/64" (2mm)1/8" (3.2mm)0.132" (3.3mm)9/64" (3.6mm)5/32" (4mm)3/16" (5mm)7/32" (5.6mm)1/4" (6mm)5/16" (8mm)3/8" (10mm)7/16" (11mm)1/2" (13mm)5/8" (16mm)3/4" (19mm)7/8" (22mm)15/16" (24mm)lead screw design technology linear actuatorshybrid steppersize 8 21mmsize 8 21mm double stacksize 11 28mmsize 11 28mm double stacksize 14 35mmsize 14 35mm double stacksize 17 43mmsize 17 43mm double stacksize 17 43mm maxsize 17 43mm double stack maxsize 23 57mmsize 23 57mm double stacksize 34 87mmac synchronoushybrid stepper with idea drivesize 17 43mm with idea drivesize 17 43mm double stack with idea drivedual motionsize 14  (35000)size 17 (43000)can-stack stepper motors15000 15mmz20000 20mmg4 19000 20mm g4 25000 25mm z26000 26mmg4 37000 37mm ac synchronouslinear rail systemsslide guided rail systemsrgs high speedmotorizedrgs04rgs06rgs08rgs10non-motorizedrgs04rgs06rgs08rgs10rgw high speed with sensor mountmotorizedrgw06rgw10non-motorizedrgw06rgw10wgs high speed-improved moment loadmotorizedwgs06non-motorizedwgs06lrs integrated t-slot mountingmotorizedlrs04non-motorizedlrs04sra - general purposesra 03, 04, 06, 08srz - anti-backlashsrz 03, 04, 06, 08linear rails with recirculating ball slidebgs04 high load ball guidebgs06 high load ball guidebgs08 high load ball guideegs04 fast, low profile precision ball guidemini motorized stagesministage with size 8 hybrid motormini motorized slidesminislide with size 8 hybrid motorminislide with 20mm can-stack motorlinear guide elementss - spline shaftsz - spline shaft anti-backlashgr - guide railmulti-axis motion systemsz-thetasize 4 13mmmotorsbrushed dc motors dc026c key features


diameter: 26mm
torque range: 0.014 - 0.022 nm
max speed: up to 10,000 rpm
input voltage: up to 48 vdc
other: reduced cogging, ndfeb magnets
 dc026c 26mm brushed dc motor dc030b key features


diameter: 30 mm 
torque range: 0.011 - 0.018 nm
max speed: up to 10,000 rpm
input voltage: up to 48 vdc
other: reduced cogging
 dc030b 30mm brushed dc motor dc030c key features


diameter: 30 mm 
torque range: 0.019 - 0.060 nm
max speed: up to 10,000 rpm
input voltage: up to 48 vdc
other: reduced cogging, ndfeb magnets
 dc030c 30mm brushed dc motor dc040b key features


diameter: 40 mm
torque range: 0.017 - 0.081 nm
max speed: up to 8,000 rpm
input voltage: up to 48 vdc
other: reduced cogging
 dc040b 40mm brushed dc motor dc054b key features


diameter: 54 mm
torque range: 0.071 - 0.35 nm
max speed: up to 6,000 rpm
input voltage: up to 80 vdc
other: reduced cogging
 dc054b 54mm brushed dc motorbrushless dc motors es030a key features


diameter: 30mm
torque range: 0.029 - 0.041 nm
max speed: up to 8,000 rpm
input voltage: up to 60 vdc
other: zero cogging, ndfeb magnets
 es030a 30mm brushless dc motor  ec033a key features


diameter: 33mm
torque range: 0.025 - 0.060 nm
max speed: up to 12,000 rpm
input voltage: up to 60 vdc
other: ndfeb magnets
 ec033a 33mm brushless dc motor  es040a key features


diameter: 40mm
torque range: 0.084 - 0.13 nm
max speed: up to 8,000 rpm
input voltage: up to 120 vdc
other: zero cogging, ndfeb magnets
 es040a 40mm brushless dc motor  ec042b key features


diameter: 42mm
torque range: 0.064 - 0.18 nm
max speed: up to 9,000 rpm
input voltage: up to 96 vdc
other: ndfeb magnets
 ec042b 42mm brushless dc motor  ec044a key features


diameter: 44mm
torque range: 0.044 - 0.082 nm
max speed: up to 15,000 rpm
input voltage: up to 48 vdc
other: ndfeb magnets
 ec044a 44mm brushless dc motor  es050a key features


diameter: 50mm
torque range: 0.18 - 0.30 nm
max speed: up to 5,000 rpm
input voltage: up to 120 vdc
other: zero cogging, ndfeb magnets
 es050a 50mm brushless dc motor  ec057c key features


diameter: 57mm
torque range: 0.08 - 0.28 nm
max speed: up to 12,000 rpm
input voltage: up to 90 vdc
other: ndfeb magnets
 ec057c 57mm brushless dc motor  ec057b key features


diameter: 57mm
torque range: 0.15 - 0.60 nm
max speed: up to 6,000 rpm
input voltage: up to 170 vdc
other: ndfeb magnets
 ec057b 57mm brushless dc motor  ec057a key features


diameter: 57mm
torque range: 0.39 - 0.94 nm
max speed: up to 6,000 rpm
input voltage: up to 170 vdc
other: high torque, ndfeb magnets
 ec057a 57mm brushless dc motor  ec083a key features


diameter: 83mm
torque range: 0.92 - 2.2 nm
max speed: up to 6,000 rpm
input voltage: up to 325 vdc
other: high torque, ndfeb magnets
 ec083a 83mm brushless dc motor  ec121a key features


diameter: 121mm
torque range: 3.0 - 6.6 nm
max speed: up to 4,000 rpm
input voltage: up to 325 vdc
other: high torque, ndfeb magnets
 ec121a 121mm brushless dc motor brushless dc motors with idea® driveec042b 42mm idea motorec057b 57mm idea motorcan-stack rotary motorz20000 20mmz26000 26mm ac synchronous - rotarydrives stepper motor non-programmable drivesdcm8027 & dcm8054 programmable motor drivesabl6006ecbl6006epbl6006eabl6035ecbl6035epbl6035eabl6070ecbl6070epbl6070eintegrated step-servo drivesgearboxesg35a g51ag30ag40aplg42splg52encoderse21 seriese30 seriesq-v seriesc-d seriesbrakesb30a brakeb49a  brakesealed switchesenvironmentally sealed switches6100 series6700 serieshermetically sealed switches6200 series6300 series6600 serieslc serieshigh electrical load switches7100 series8100 seriescustom assemblies40100 series flap slat62100 series explosion proofinterlock switchespush buttonleaf and rollerapplicationsfood and beveragelaboratory instrumentationmedical equipmentsemiconductorbusiness machinesindustrial automationtransportationeveryday solutionsclean roomfluid movement opticsrotary solutionsstagesvalveslearning zoneapplication notesblogcase studiescatalogs and product guidesfaqlinear actuators faqstepper motorslead screws - nutsbrush - brushless motorsidea drive softwarenewsletterspress releasespress release archivestechnical documentsvideoswhite paperssupportquick start guidesindustry certificationsterms and conditionswarranty informationexpress calculatorsidea drive softwarelegacy productslegacy stepper motor programmable drives  pcm4806e key features


input voltage: 12 to 48 vdc
current/phase: 0.6 a rms
peak current: +30%
communication: usb

 pcm4806e & pcm4826e acm4806e/acm4826e key features


input voltage: 12 to 48 vdc
current/phase: 0.6 a rms/2.6 a rms
peak current: +30%
communication: rs-485

 acm4806e & acm4826elegacy brushed dc motors dc022c key features


diameter: 22mm
torque range: 0.0057 - 0.014 nm
max speed: up to 10,000 rpm
input voltage: up to 36 vdc
other: reduced cogging, ndfeb magnets
 dc022c 22mm brushed dc motor dc057a key features


diameter: 57mm
torque range: 0.21 - 0.40 nm
max speed: up to 6,000 rpm
input voltage: up to 60 vdc
other: reduced cogging
 dc057a 57mm brushed dc motor dc083a key features


diameter: 83mm
torque range: 0.53 - 1.59 nm
max speed: up to 6,000 rpm
input voltage: up to 90 vdc
other: reduced cogging
 dc083a 83mm brushed dc motorlegacy brushless dc motors ea057a key features


diameter: 57mm
torque range: 0.47 - 1.7 nm
max speed: up to 6,000 rpm
input voltage: up to 325 vdc
other: high torque, ndfeb magnets, ip65 protection
 ea057a 57mm brushless dc motor  ea090a key features


diameter: 90mm
torque range: 1.8 - 4.7 nm
max speed: up to 6,000 rpm
input voltage: up to 325 vdc
other: high torque, ndfeb magnets, ip65 protection
 ea090a 90mm brushless dc motor legacy drives legacy softwarelegacy stepper motor non-programmable drivesdcs4020 chopper drive dcm4826xdcm8027dcm8054brushless motor drivesbge3004bge6005abge6015abge6050apbl4850elegacy gearboxesg22aplg24legacy can-stack rotary motors26000 26mm 36000 36mm 46000 46mm legacy can-stack stepper20000 20mm 26000 26mm36000 36mm 46000 46mm about usametek advanced motion solutionsvision and missionhistorypatentseventscontact usrequest a quotelocal sales supportgeneral contactquality supporttech supportfacility locationscareers at ametek





































































































































































haydon kerk pittman at a glance
haydon, kerk and pittman are three world class ametek brands that supply advanced linear and rotary motion solutions to a diverse mix of global customers.  we are recognized as a leading manufacturer of brushed and brushless dc motors, stepper motor based linear actuators, precision acme lead screw and anti-backlash nut assemblies, linear rail and guide systems, gearmotors, drives and complete custom automation sub-systems.





 

your source for custom solutions
your concept, our construction - we provide 
custom solutions. lead screws & nuts, 
            harnesses, cables and more!














featured news














 
 

nouveau !
we are happy to announce the launch of our french site. the new french site joins our other translated sites german, japanese, and chinese. click here to check it out.






 
 

























 applications



                                     food and beverage

                            



                                     laboratory instrumentation

                            



                                     medical equipment

                            



                                     semiconductor

                            



                                     business machines

                            



                                     industrial automation

                            



                                     transportation

                            






 everyday solutions



                                     clean room

                            



                                     fluid movement 

                            



                                     optics

                            



                                     rotary solutions

                            



                                     stages

                            



                                     valves

                            






 learning zone



                                     application notes

                            



                                     case studies

                            



                                     catalogs and product guides

                            



                                     faq

                            



                                     newsletters

                            



                                     press releases

                            



                                     technical documents

                            



                                     videos

                            



                                     white papers

                            






 support



                                     quick start guides

                            



                                     industry certifications

                            



                                     terms and conditions

                            



                                     warranty information

                            



                                     express calculators

                            






 about us



                                     ametek advanced motion solutions

                            



                                     vision and mission

                            



                                     history

                            



                                     patents

                            



                                     events

                            






 contact us



                                     general contact

                            



                                     quality support

                            



                                     tech support

                            



                                     facility locations

                            







social network


        hkp motion solutions
           
        


        ametek_hkp
           
        


        hkp
           
        

social network













do not sell or share my personal information
privacy policy
terms of use
products
everyday solutions
site map
register/login 
account settings
unsubscribe
catalogs and product guides


©2023 ametek.inc. all rights reserved.



























 maccms





×
















