



 

cleary university | make the most of your education


































































 







































 
800.686.1883





 
admissions@cleary.edu












i am…

current students
future students
first responder
alumni
faculty
donor


 

i am…

current students
future students
first responder
alumni
faculty
donor


 











make a gift










make a gift














 

search


 










apply now
















 













academics

academic affairs
academic calendar
university catalog
undergraduate programs
graduate programs
first responders
the cleary mind™
career development
library
office of the registrar
student resources
faculty resources


admissions

apply now
visit campus
financial aid
scholarships
refer a friend
first-year students
transfer students
graduate students
first responders
adult students
dual enrollment
early college
international students
veterans


first responders
student life

housing & residence life
campus safety & policies
cougar den gift shop
counseling & wellness
dining services
international students
ombudsman
student handbook & policies
student organizations
title ix
veterans resource center


athletics
community

alumni relations
arthur secunda museum
cleary commons rentals
donate
events @ cleary


 

 

academics

academic affairs
academic calendar
university catalog
undergraduate programs
graduate programs
first responders
the cleary mind™
career development
library
office of the registrar
student resources
faculty resources


admissions

apply now
visit campus
financial aid
scholarships
refer a friend
first-year students
transfer students
graduate students
first responders
adult students
dual enrollment
early college
international students
veterans


first responders
student life

housing & residence life
campus safety & policies
cougar den gift shop
counseling & wellness
dining services
international students
ombudsman
student handbook & policies
student organizations
title ix
veterans resource center


athletics
community

alumni relations
arthur secunda museum
cleary commons rentals
donate
events @ cleary


 







 

search


 














apply now


















 










your path to success starts here. 





i am 

a high school studenta working professionala first responderan alumnia current studenta community member 

 



looking to 



 


go






















						academics					

						cleary offers a variety of business degrees, both undergraduate and graduate, all of which are steeped in our unique business arts curriculum.					




























						athletics					

						follow, support and take pride in your favorite cleary university cougar sports teams or learn how you can play for cleary university. click here to learn more.					




























						shop online					

						snag some swag from the cougar den online! from sweatshirts and t-shirts to tumblers and baseball caps, the cougar den has you covered from head to toe! 					



















what cleary offers 



undergraduate programs 



cleary’s undergraduate programs prepare students for a fast-paced, ever-evolving business world. you’ll experience a hands-on education taught by seasoned professionals and cultivate professional skills to ensure career success. 






learn more















graduate programs 



earning an mba or ms is one of the best investments you can make to further your career. our graduate admissions advisers are eager to speak with you and chart your educational journey. 






learn more















 












 

 










make the most of your education 



attend cleary university 



cleary’s graduate and undergraduate programs prepare students for a fast-paced, ever-evolving business world. you’ll experience a hands-on education taught by seasoned professionals and cultivate professional skills to ensure career success. 






schedule a tour
















by the numbers 



									cleary university is proud to be recognized for its commitment to excellence in education and innovation. these honors underscore cleary’s status as a leading institution, continuously striving to cultivate future leaders and innovators.								






schedule a tour















#4 



cleary university was named #4 best business college in michigan by niche. 







#1 



ranked #1 in michigan for roi among private, nonprofit business schools. 











#3 



the us department of education ranked cleary #3 in michigan for best average starting salary. 







top 200 



niche ranked cleary a top 200 best private college in america. 











#5 



ranked #5 in michigan for lowest tuition rates among private colleges. 







gold 



gold level veteran friendly status from the michigan veterans affairs agency. 















 



financial aid 



									the office of financial aid encourages all students to apply even if they think they are not eligible, as assistance is available on a need and non-need basis. a fafsa application must be completed to be considered for cleary university institutional grants and scholarships.								






learn more











 



scholarships 



									the office of financial aid encourages all students to apply even if they think they are not eligible, as assistance is available on a need and non-need basis. a fafsa application must be completed to be considered for cleary university institutional grants and scholarships.								






learn more











 



admissions 



									the office of financial aid encourages all students to apply even if they think they are not eligible, as assistance is available on a need and non-need basis. a fafsa application must be completed to be considered for cleary university institutional grants and scholarships.								






learn more
















sign up to our newsletter for cleary updates 







 











cleary university 



cleary blog & news 














				alumna’s artifacts reveal cleary college legacy			


			read more »		



			january 14, 2025		









				cleary names four executive leaders to its board of trustees			


			read more »		



			january 7, 2025		









				attend the harmony in the chill winter concert at cleary university performed by the ann arbor symphony orchestra			


			read more »		



			january 2, 2025		









				livingston daily: the clearys have maintained a presence at their namesake university for 140 years			


			read more »		



			january 2, 2025		









				cleary university hosts third annual sip, savor and support fundraising event			


			read more »		



			january 1, 2025		









				commencement save the date: may 3, 2025			


			read more »		



			january 1, 2025		









				make a gift to cleary university’s annual appeal campaign			


			read more »		



			december 17, 2024		









				thank you, pat cleary ii, for 20 + years of dedicated service			


			read more »		



			december 13, 2024		











read more














 







contact us 







telephone number 



800.686.1883 










locations & maps










facebook-f
 



twitter
 



linkedin
 



instagram
 


















								name							




								email							




								phone							




								submission type							


 

i am a...
current student
future student
alumnus
faculty member
donor
other





								message							
 

 



submit


















canvas
email
student portal
library
counseling
faculty portal
it help desk
 

canvas
email
student portal
library
counseling
faculty portal
it help desk
 

















 




cleary graduates use their business arts education to become the employees, entrepreneurs, and leaders who transform the marketplace…and the world. 



follow us 






facebook-f
 



twitter
 



linkedin
 



instagram
 


















about cleary 




employment
faculty directory
staff directory
board of trustees
accreditation
mission & vision
history
 

employment
faculty directory
staff directory
board of trustees
accreditation
mission & vision
history
 








other information 




it help desk
campus safety
university policies
consumer right to know
marketing guidelines
 

it help desk
campus safety
university policies
consumer right to know
marketing guidelines
 












get in touch with us 







howell 





main campus


3750 cleary dr.


howell, mi 48843


800.686.1883










detroit 





2470 collingwood st.


detroit, mi 48206


800.686.1883


















 
800.686.1883





 
admissions@cleary.edu



















non-discrimination policycleary university admits students of any race, color, national and ethnic origin to all the rights, privileges, programs, and activities generally accorded or made available to students at this school. cleary does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national, or ethnic origin, or any other basis prohibited by federal and state law, in the administration of its policies, educational policies, and any other school-administered programs. 



copyright © 2025 | cleary university 






 






search for:



 
get started contact
 get info
 visit
 give
 apply now
informationcurrent students
future students
faculty resources
alumni relations
quick linkscanvas
email
student portal
library
counseling
faculty portal
it help desk
















































