





world’s #1 premium tequila | patrón tequila



















































×




choose a location




afghanistan
albania
algeria
american samoa
andorra
angola
anguilla
antarctica
antigua and barbuda
argentina
armenia
aruba
australia
austria
azerbaijan
bahamas
bahrain
bangladesh
barbados
belarus
belgium
belize
benin
bermuda
bhutan
bolivia
bosnia and herzegovina
botswana
bouvet island
brazil
british indian ocean
brunei darussalam
bulgaria
burkina faso
burundi
cambodia
cameroon
canada
cape verde
cayman islands
central african republic
chad
chile
china
christmas island
cocos (keeling) islands
colombia
comoros
congo
congo, dem. rep.
cook islands
costa rica
cote d'ivoire
croatia (hrvatska)
cuba
cyprus
czech republic
denmark
djibouti
dominica
dominican republic
east timor
ecuador
egypt
el salvador
equatorial guinea
eritrea
estonia
ethiopia
falkland islands
faroe islands
fiji
finland
france
french guiana
french polynesia
french southern terr.
gabon
gambia
georgia
germany
ghana
gibraltar
greece
greenland
grenada
guadeloupe
guam
guatemala
guinea
guinea-bissau
guyana
haiti
holy see (vatican)
honduras
hong kong
hungary
iceland
india
indonesia
iran (islamic rep.)
iraq
ireland
israel
italy
jamaica
japan
jordan
kazakhstan
kenya
kiribati
korea, dem. people's rep.
korea, republic of
kuwait
kyrgyzstan
lao people's dem. rep.
latvia
lebanon
lesotho
liberia
libyan arab jamahiriya
liechtenstein
lithuania
luxembourg
macau
macedonia, republic of
madagascar
malawi
malaysia
maldives
mali
malta
marshall islands
martinique
mauritania
mauritius
mayotte
mexico
micronesia, fed. states of
moldova, republic of
monaco
mongolia
montenegro
montserrat
morocco
mozambique
myanmar
namibia
nauru
nepal
netherlands
netherlands antilles
new caledonia
new zealand
nicaragua
niger
nigeria
niue
norfolk island
northern mariana islands
norway
oman
pakistan
palau
panama
papua new guinea
paraguay
peru
philippines
pitcairn
poland
portugal
puerto rico
qatar
reunion
romania
russian federation
rwanda
s georgia & s sandwich isl
saint kitts and nevis
saint lucia
samoa
san marino
sao tome and principe
saudi arabia
senegal
serbia
seychelles
sierra leone
singapore
slovakia (slovak republic)
slovenia
solomon islands
somalia
south africa
spain
sri lanka
st vincent & grenadines
st. helena
st. maarten
st. pierre and miquelon
sudan
suriname
svalbard & jan mayen isl
swaziland
sweden
switzerland
syrian arab republic
taiwan
tajikistan
tanzania, united republic
thailand
togo
tokelau
tonga
trinidad and tobago
tunisia
turkey
turkmenistan
turks and caicos isl.
tuvalu
u.s. minor outlying isl.
uganda
ukraine
united arab emirates
united kingdom
united states
uruguay
uzbekistan
vanuatu
venezuela
vietnam
virgin islands (british)
virgin islands (u.s.)
wallis and futuna isl.
western sahara
yemen
zambia
zimbabwe




 remember me



enter















patrón tequila


our tequilas

cocktail lab

menu



find







our tequilas

our story

sustainability

cocktail lab

gifting

shop

search









patrón




patrón cristalino




patrón el cielo




patrón el alto




gran patrón




xo cafe




limited edition







about us




stories







all recipes




cocktails for you




cocktail collections




bartenders







personalize




engrave




gift sets




gift guide











            search now














            search now




our tequilas





													patrón



													patrón cristalino



													patrón el cielo



													patrón el alto



													gran patrón



													xo cafe



													limited edition





our story





													about us



													stories





sustainability

cocktail lab





													all recipes



													cocktails for you



													cocktail collections



													bartenders





gifting





													personalize



													engrave



													gift sets



													gift guide





shop



find

















 warning: javascript is not enabled. the site requires javascript to have an optimal experience. please enable it and refresh the page.













when your tequila is this good, additives don't add anything
we are proud to craft the finest tequila in the world using only the highest quality, all-natural ingredients: 100% weber blue agave, water and yeast. no additives needed.
additive-free tequila








the smooth complexity of patrón cristalino
experience patrón cristalino tequila in a new light with this sweet and velvety-smooth crystal-clear tequila made with no additives from 100% weber blue agave.shop patrón cristalino












when your tequila is this good, additives don't add anything
we are proud to craft the finest tequila in the world using only the highest quality, all-natural ingredients: 100% weber blue agave, water and yeast. no additives needed.
additive-free tequila







the smooth complexity of patrón cristalino
experience patrón cristalino tequila in a new light with this sweet and velvety-smooth crystal-clear tequila made with no additives from 100% weber blue agave.shop patrón cristalino






discover more

masterfully handcrafted—all meant to be discovered



tequila patrón
silver






tequila patrón
silver 
					                    





tequila patrón
reposado 
					                    





tequila patrón
añejo 
					                    





tequila patrón
extra añejo 
					                    





tequila patrón
cristalino 
					                    





patrón el alto
el alto 
					                    





patrón el cielo
el cielo 
					                    





gran patrón
platinum 
					                    





gran patrón
piedra 
					                    





gran patrón
burdeos 
					                    





patrón xo cafe
xo cafe 
					                    





limited edition
2023 mexican heritage tin 
					                    





limited edition
ahumado silver 
					                    





limited edition
ahumado reposado 
					                    





limited edition
patrón en lalique 
					                    serie 3





limited edition
extra añejo 10 años 
					                    





limited edition
añejo lot 221 
					                    





limited edition
extra añejo 7 años 
					                    





limited edition
extra añejo 5 años 
					                    




swipe for more








						find patrón tequila near you




    find now









						we mastered the art of making tequila

							crafting premium tequila takes time. that’s why we use time-tested methods to ensure patrón tastes the way it does—like perfection.




    learn more












play video






made by hand. crafted by passion.
master artisans from our patrón tequila familia come together for a common purpose—to celebrate the craft of making authentically mexican premium tequila.

get inspired
explore our story







×








































newsletter signup
purchase online
faqs


contact
careers
privacy
terms of use
site map


the perfect way to enjoy patrón is responsibly.
©2025. patrón, its trade dress and the bee logo are trademarks.
handcrafted in mexico.
imported by the patrón spirits company, coral gables, fl., usa
tequila – 40% alc. by vol.

content for 21+. only share with those of legal drinking age. for more information on alcohol responsibility visit responsibledrinking.org and responsibility.org.



























