



dominique vanhaecke contemporary art, silver, ceramics & antiques - 
brussels sablon bruxelles





































































dominique vanhaecke antiques silver belgium
antiek zilver argent bruxelles brussels belgique european

antiek, zilver, silver, antiques, argent, brussel, bruxelles, european, 
hallmarks, makers marks, silver jewelry, silver, modern, modern jewelry, 
abstract, abstract jewelry, ed wiener, george jensen, henning koppel, art smith, 
paul lobel, mary gage, calder, eames, miraglia, bjorn weckstrom,scandinavian, 
studio, steig, levin,bertoia, finnish jewelry,norwegian jewelry, swedish 
jewelry,danish jewelry, british jewelry, jules brenner, margaret de patta, 
alexander calder,rebajes,peter macchiarini, lapaglia, 20th century, pewter, 
german, jugenstil, arts & crafts, art nouveau, skonvirke, modern information, 
modern articles, modern calendar, modern, contemporary, bakelite, costume 
jewelry, modern shopping, modern galleries, modern gallery, iron, crafts, 
magazine, vintage jewelry, betty cooke, mid-century, american studio,sculpture, 
silver, antique silver, collectors, ascas, antique, association, poincon, oil 
lamps, lucerna, wedding cup, wine funnel, couverts, tasse de femme. hallmarks, 
russian silversmiths, silver, nutmeg graters, gorham, gorham corporation, hanau, 
flatware, silver plate, italian, russian silverware, tea urns, plateros y 
contrastes, plateros, contrastes, spanish silversmiths, orfebreria, cigarette 
boxes, old sheffield, old sheffield plate, female silversmith, hester bateman, 
tablewares, argyles, damian de castro, ember bowl, german, beaker, teapot, 
antoine joseph gelle, jean redart, sugar bowl, walker & hall, coffee pot, 
casters, georg jensen, milk creamer, philippe de winter, filip de winter, 
dewinter, bernhard de leie, bernard, deleie, de leye, deleye, philippe denis, 
filip denis, d'aerschot, aarschot, tournai, arenberg, liege, oudenaarde, luik, 
diksmuide, 18th century, 19th century, 17th century, german, belgisch,antiek, 
antieke meubelen, antieke klokken, art deco, ikonen, iconen, schilderijen, 
kroonluchters, zilver,antieke meubelen, klokken, zilver, schilderijen, iconen en 
verlichting. tevens restauratie, herstelling,estate, antique jewelry, retro, 
pre-victorian, signed, art-nouveau, mythological, engagement rings, bracelets, 
chandelier, earrings, art-deco, victorian, signet rings, religious, 
cameojewelry, tokenjewelry, edwardian, silver on gold,the london silver 
vaults,silver antiques, william walter of the london silver vaults,antiques, 
antique dealers, heirlooms, relics, antiquities, antique valuation, tapestry, 
glass, deco,upholstery, antique repair, pottery, fine art, painting, belsize 
park, bloomsbury, brondesbury, chancery lane, euston, gospel oak, hampstead, 
hampstead heath, holborn, kensal rise, kentish town, kilburn, kilburn park, 
kings cross, london, maida vale, marylebone, mornington crescent, primrose hill, 
queens park, regents park, south hampstead, st lukes, st pancras, swiss 
cottage,vintage wristwatches & antique pocket watches antiques & collectables 
watch straps made from 200 year old leatherwatch strap buckles made in precious 
metals watches antique antique,antique, european,sterling, silver, continental, 
david-andersen, georg jensen, wilhelm binder, j. tostrup, marius hammer, 
puiforcat, hans hansen, lutz & weiss, a. michelsen, carl m. cohr, cartier, 
asprey, french, german, danish, norwegian, italian, victorian, hallmark, 
hallmarks, maker's mark, flatware, vintage,antique, silver, art, fine art, fine 
silver, antique silver, dutch, holland, the netherlands, expert, expertise, 
museum, auction, christies, sotheby's, bonhams, phillips, tefaf, pan, mecc, the 
hague, van stapele, lutma, van vianen, amsterdam, rotterdam, antiek, kunst, 
zilver, antiek zilver, expert, tussen kunst en kitsch, avro, televisie, 
belegging, kwaliteit, veiling, goud, edelmetaal, zilversmit, kandelaar, 
theepot,german silver,swiss silver, silver-gilt, kunstkammer objects, mounted 
coconut cups, nautilus cups, rock crystal objects,ivory objects,renaissance, 
baroque periods,advice,valuations,expert, reports, all silver objects,antique, 
jewel, jewellery, jewelry, silver, phillips, sjphillips, cartier, boucheron, 
augsburg, paris, cleef, brooch, pin, bracelet, ring, engagement, necklace, 
earring, lamerie, storr, gold, snuffbox, guiliano, castellani, wiese, fontenay, 
renaissance, goldbox, tabatiere, ducrollay, strachan, rollos, crespin, willaume, 
salver, tankard, coaster, candlestick, flatware, nuremberg, tureen,silver, 
english silver, american silver, irish silver, silver cup, sheffield plate, 
antiques, silver pot, gallery, shrubsole, glass, silver goblet, antique jewelry, 
antique silver service, silver service, elizabethan silver,s j 
shrubsole,leading, dealers,in antique silver antiques furniture french dutch 
italian russian louis xiv xv xvi regence directoire, empire paintings oriental 
japan china japanese chinese ceramics kangxi yongzheng qianlong sculpture 
bronze, marble works of art. antique dealer holland the netherlands de wijk 
amsterdam tefaf maastricht den bosch olympia pan antiek antieke meubelen frans 
nederlands italiaans russisch schilderijen aziatisch chinees china japan japans 
porselein sculptuur sculpturen beeld objets d’art brons marmer antiquair 
antiekhandelaar nederland christie’s eddy roos philippe wolfers raoul larche 
topino,the silver institute is an international association of miners, refiners, 
fabricators, and wholesalers of silver and silver products,orfèvrerie de table, 
boutique de vente en ligne, fabrication,orfèvrerie, orfèvrerie, orfevrerie, 
orfevrerie, argent, argent, argenterie, argenterie, gastronome, gastronomie, 
gastronomique, gourmet, luxe, cadeau, cadeau, cadeau d'entreprise, cadeau 
original, vente, vente au détail, vente au détail, vente par correspondance, 
boutique, boutique, cuisine, cuisine, faïences, faiences , vaisselle, 
sophistiques, sophistiqués, chimie, degustation, dégustation, artisan, artisan, 
artisanat, produit régional, produits régionaux, produits du terroir, normandie, 
normandie, fabricant, fabricant, fabrication, fabrication, fabrique, fabrique, 
familial, français, français, france, france, articles, commerces, 
commercial,fabricants bijoutiers, joailliers et orfèvres, bijoutiers joailliers 
détaillants et grossistes antiques, appraisals, antique, jewelry, furniture, 
glassware, lighting, paintings, prints, decorative arts, objects, mirrors, 
modernism, european and american antiques,silver repairs, silver repair, silver 
repaired, sterling repair, silver conservation, sterling conservation, silver 
repairing, silverware repairs, silver restorations, silver restoration, sterling 
repairs, preservation, silver preservation, silver restorer, silver restoring, 
restore, polish, silver polishing, sterling polishing, silver, sterling, 
sterling silver, silversmith, silversmiths, sterling silversmiths, 
silversmithing, flatware polishing, flatware refinishing, tarnish removed, 
silverware, sterling silverware, flatware, silver flatware, sterling flatware, 
holloware, hollowware, sterling holloware, silver holloware, judaica, silver 
judaica, sterling judaica, judaica restoration, judaica conservation, 
reproductions, sterling reproductions, silver reproductions, silversmithing 
workshops, artisan, artisans, insurance replacement, silver insurance 
replacement, sterling insurance replacement, silver, argentum, the leopards 
head, san francisco antiques dealer, silver antiques dealer, antique silver, 
california antiques dealer, antique silver, sterling, silversmithing, 
silversmith, silverware, uk, london silver vaults, modern silver-smithing, 
silver-smith, silver plate, old sheffield plate, antique, old, modern, sterling, 
london, vaults, dealer, sheffield, electroplate, antiques dealers scotland, 
antiques auctions scotland, art deco, art nouveau, arts & crafts, 
watercolours,victorian, furniture, edwardian, georgian, silver, liberty, 
georgian, mylers silver, alvarino, victoria, albert, k stanley & son, jeremy 
sniders, scandinavian, georg jensen, royal copenhagen, diamonds, oil paintings, 
jewellery, medals, copper, brass, pewter, coins, banknotes, ceramics, shapland 
and petter, glasgow, scottish, collectors, toys, great western auctions, tim 
wright antiques, canning antiques, strachan antiques, a.d.hamilton, finnie 
antiques, props. hire, gardners, robertsons kinbuck, butlers furniture 
galleries, all our yesterdays, 
art,deco,fairs,collectors,dealers,furniture,glass,ceramics,clarice,cliff, 
fairs,clubs,auctioneers,antiques,1920,1950,1960,1970,retro,crabtree,sisters, 
antiques, antique, jewelry, tiffany, sterling, silver, furniture, fine art, 
porcelain, antiques, porcelain, silver, glass, wood, epns, gifts, collectables, 
collectibles, presents, british, english, tea, drinking, teapots, cups, saucers, 
plates, mahogany, sugar, basin, strainers, caddy, spoons, tongs, strainers, 
mote, decanters, glasses, georgian, mahogany, boxes, veneer, inlay, walnut, 
marquetry, grain, furniture, treen, sterling, plated, sheffield, urn, spirit 
kettle, nips, snips, tray, embossed, engraved, chased, gilded, bright cut, 
strainer, mote, jug, ceylon, darjeeling, lapsang, india, tearoom, cream, set, 
pots, table, georgian, furniture, collection, quality, presents, collectors, 
beverages, milk, bowl, basin, nips, snips, cubes, victorian, drinking, green, 
black, slops, bowl, clipper, decorative, water, kettle, pour, england, lid, 
spout, poy, canister,terling, sterling silverware, silverware, sterling 
flatware, gorham, alvin, antique, cutlery, silver, international, reed and 
barton, towle, wallace, whiting, lunt, kirk, steiff, replacement, oneida, 
chantilly, buttercup, grande baroque, rose, repousse, amston, christophle, 
concord, unger, watson, dominick and haff, durgin, fine arts, fessenden, jensen, 
george jensen, national, old newbury crafters, heirloom, tiffany, royal crest, 
shreve, scofield, frank smith, shiebler, state house, stone, kirk, lunt, 
eloquence,tuttle, hannah hull, watson, westmoreland, frank whiting, adler, 
christmas ornaments, knives, fork, spoon, tablespoon, meat fork, knife, 
hollowware, salad fork, salad, royal danish, frigast, thimble, salt spoon, 
shiebler,replacement, silverplate,antique silverware, georg jensen, lily of the 
valley, antique silver, small silver items, georgian silver, victorian silver, 
sterling silver, hallmarked silver, flatware, tableware, knives, forks, spoons, 
wedding presents, christening presents, unique presents, silver collectors, 
cedar house, woburn abbey, judith billing, hester bateman, woburn abbey antiques 
centre, woburn, cedar house antiques, antiques, antique, silver, flatware, 
teasets, claret jugs, coffee pots, newcastle silver, jewellery, antique 
jewellery, diamonds, precious stones, gold, platinum, antique silver,replica 
antique silver,antique gold,vesta case,silver vesta case,ormolu, bijouterie, 
orfeverie antoine rochat. vente, répation montres, pendules, bijoux













