



west wisconsin sports-the #1 source for sports in western wisconsin













































news 
     
     

twitter 
    


facebook    










scoreboard



archive




schools




forum




audio



wws news












 














high school football

area football statistics
area football rankings
state football rankings
players/plays of week
games of week
conference standings
2024 playoff schedule
2024 playoff qualifiers
2024 playoff brackets
2024 playoff pairings
2024 area playoff picks
state champ. box scores


wiac football

game box scores
2024 composite schedule
football standings
wiac players of week
wiac official site


high school basketball

state tourn. box scores
boys state rankings
boys tourn. schedule
boys playoff pairings
girls state rankings
girls tourn. schedule
girls playoff pairings


wiac basketball

standings
game box scores
men's 24-25 schedule
women's 24-25 schedule
wiac players of week


track & field

results
west wis. honor roll


h.s. baseball/softball

state tourn. box scores
boys tourn. schedule
boys playoff pairings
girls tourn. schedule
girls playoff pairings


wiac baseball/softball

2024 baseball schedule
2024 softball schedule


eau claire cavaliers

cavaliers baseball home


















 













west wisconsin sports 
    news










view rss feed


view rss feed
























































		 








follow us on facebook






tweets by westwisports 
















                       
	
privacy policy | disclaimer | 
    terms of use




â©2004 -    
    dci broadcasting llc 
		westwisconsinsports.com















