

vacation rental of villas and apartments. holiday in france,spain, greece, turkey, sardinia, florida, italy, sardinia etc.






























admin. | help | request 
            a property | 
your shortlist is empty |login




 vacation rental from privately owned holiday villas worldwide 










please select a country
main countries are at the top
========================
united states
canada
mexico
france
italy
spain
united kingdom
australia
new zealand
caribbean
---other countries---
afghanistan
albania
algeria
american samoa
andorra
angola (republic of)
anguilla
antarctica
antigua and barbuda
argentina
armenia
aruba
austria
azerbaidjan
bahamas
bahrain
bangladesh
barbados
belarus
belgium
belize
benin
bermuda
bhutan
bolivia
bosnia-herzegovina
botswana
bouvet island
brazil
brunei darussalam
bulgaria
burkina faso
burundi
cambodia
cameroon
cape verde
cayman islands
central african rep.
chad
chile
china
christmas island
cocos (keeling) isl.
colombia
comoros
congo
cook islands
costa rica
croatia
cuba
cyprus
czech republic
czechoslovakia
denmark
djibouti
dominica
dominican republic
east timor
ecuador
egypt
el salvador
equatorial guinea
eritrea
estonia
ethiopia
falkland isl.(malvinas)
faroe islands
fiji
finland
french southern terr.
gabon
gambia
georgia
germany
ghana
gibraltar
greece
greenland
grenada
guadeloupe (fr.)
guam (us)
guatemala
guinea
guinea bissau
guyana
guyana (fr.)
haiti
heard & mcdonald isl.
honduras
hong kong
hungary
iceland
india
indonesia
iran
iraq
ireland
israel
ivory coast
jamaica
japan
jordan
kazachstan
kenya
kiribati
korea (north)
korea (south)
kuwait
kyrgyz republic
laos
latvia
lebanon
lesotho
liberia
libya
liechtenstein
lithuania
luxembourg
macau
macedonia
madagascar (republic of)
malawi
malaysia
maldives
mali
malta
marshall islands
martinique (fr.)
mauritania
mauritius
mayotte
mexico
micronesia
moldavia
monaco
mongolia
montserrat
morocco
mozambique
myanmar
namibia
nauru
nepal
netherland antilles
netherlands
new caledonia (fr.)
new zealand
nicaragua
niger
nigeria
niue
norfolk island
northern mariana isl.
norway
oman
pakistan
palau
panama
papua new guinea
paraguay
peru
philippines
pitcairn
poland
polynesia (fr.)
portugal
puerto rico (us)
qatar
reunion (fr.)
romania
russian federation
rwanda
saint lucia
samoa
san marino
saudi arabia
senegal
seychelles
sierra leone
singapore
slovakia (slovak rep)
slovenia
solomon islands
somalia
south africa
south georgia  and
soviet union
sri lanka
st. helena
st. maarten and st martin
st. pierre & miquelon
st. tome and principe
st.kitts nevis anguilla
st.vincent & grenadines
sudan
suriname
svalbard & jan mayen is
swaziland
sweden
switzerland
syria
tadjikistan
taiwan
tanzania
thailand
togo
tokelau
tonga
trinidad & tobago
tunisia
turkey
turkmenistan
turks & caicos islands
tuvalu
uganda
ukraine
united arab emirates
united kingdom
uruguay
us minor outlying isl.
uzbekistan
vanuatu
vatican city state
venezuela
vietnam
virgin islands (british)
virgin islands (us)
wallis & futuna islands
western sahara
yemen
yugoslavia
zaire
zambia
zimbabwe

select region                


owners - click here to add your property 















holiday homes rented direct with the owner














villa-vacations is your one 
                  stop shop for holiday rentals









with thousands of visits each week and hundreds of the finest villas, chalets, homes and 
                  apartments, you will find your perfect vacation property.











renters
 latest additions
 late deals
 free classifieds(place a request).

owners
 property owners
administration
 receive free enquiries
 free tools /utilities(scam check, calendar, maps)

information
 terms and conditions, faq etc


rental categories
 city
 fishing
 golf
 skiing
 seaside
 theme park
 village, rural




















how to find your vacation rental villafind your vacation rental villa or apartment by clicking on the map,  using our country list, or using the search form at the top. we have villas, condos and apartments in  spain, france, italy, croatia, sardinia, sicily, portugal, greece, turkey, california, florida, thailand and the rest of the world for your ideal vacation. .





featured properties




resource id #26

3 bedrooms/ 2 bathroom condo near disney world









 


kissimmeesleeps up to 8, has 3 bedrooms3 bedroom, 2 bathroom condo located in windsor hills, a prestigious place for those interested in comfort near disney world and many other attractions. ... 
















large family appartament on tropical magnetis island.









 


magnetic island, queenslandsleeps up to 11, has 5 bedroomsthis 5 bedroom residence is only a 10-minute walk from the beach, fully self contain,it has two kitchens and bathrooms can be separated in two units,two verandas, close to the beach, swimming pool and free tennis court next door. ... 
















beautiful villa with private pool backing on to 16th green.









 


mosa trajectumsleeps up to 8, has 3 bedroomsluxury 3 large bedroom villa with private pool that sleeps eight people in comfort. sun terrace & outdoor shower with fabulous views overlooking 7th green & fairway of the championship golf course at the mosa golf & sports resort, murcia, se spain. ... 














 













 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 















back to the top


 europe(1041)    austria(2)    belgium(1)    bulgaria(16)    switzerland(4)    cyprus(18)    czech republic(1)    denmark(3)    estonia(1)    spain(292)      andalucia(108)      asturias(3)      balearics(19)      canaries(32)      catalunya(28)      galicia(2)      madrid and central spain(3)      murcia(29)      valencia(67)      basque country(1)    finland(3)    france(113)      aquitaine(11)      bourgogne(1)      brittany(1)      corsica(1)      languedoc roussillon(12)      loire valley(4)      midi pyrenees(8)      normandy(9)      paris-ile de france(12)      poitou-charentes(2)      provence-cote d`azur(50)      western loire(2)    greece(80)    croatia(26)    ireland(5)    israel(11)    italy(252)      abruzzo(2)      campania(12)      calabria(6)      emilia romagna(4)      friuli venezia giulia(1)      lazio(31)      liguria(12)      lombardy(14)      marche(2)      piedmont(1)      puglia(7)      sardinia(33)      sicily(51)      tuscany(52)      umbria(16)      veneto (venetia)(8)    malta(3)    netherlands(7)    norway(2)    poland(21)    portugal(32)    romania(1)    russian federation(1)    sweden(5)    turkey(104)    united kingdom(37)      london(9)      midlands(1)      northern ireland(4)      north(5)      scotland(7)      southeast(7)      south west(4)   canada(39)    alberta(3)    british columbia(8)    nova scotia(4)    ontario(8)    prince edward island(1)    quebec(15)  united states(316)    alabama(1)    arizona(5)    california(41)    colorado(4)    connecticut(1)    florida(183)      central florida(118)      east coast(22)      gulf coast(29)      florida keys(5)      panhandle(8)    georgia(2)    hawaii(13)    idaho(2)    louisiana(1)    massachusetts(5)    maryland(1)    michigan(1)    minnesota(1)    montana(3)    north carolina(1)    new hampshire(1)    new jersey(3)    new mexico(1)    nevada(2)    new york(7)    oregon(1)    pennsylvania(1)    south carolina(11)    tennessee(5)    texas(3)    virginia(5)    vermont(5)    washington(6)   australasia(31)    new south wales,act(13)    new zealand(8)    queensland(5)    western australia(5)  africa(37)    egypt(10)    kenya(3)    morocco(2)    mauritius(13)    seychelles(1)    tunisia(1)    tanzania and zanzibar(1)    south africa(6)  asia(62)    united arab emirates(6)    china(1)    indonesia(11)    india(10)    sri lanka(4)    philippines(2)    thailand(28)  caribbean and atlantic islands(66)    antigua and barbuda(7)    anguilla(2)    antilles(1)    aruba(1)    barbados(8)    bahamas(5)    dominican republic(12)    jamaica(9)    st.kitts nevis anguilla(3)    cayman islands(2)    saint lucia(2)    puerto rico (us)(2)    st maarten and st martin(1)    trinidad and tobago(5)    st.vincent and grenadines(1)    virgin islands(5)  central america(24)    costa rica(8)    mexico(16)  south america(23)    argentina(3)    brazil(14)    peru(1)    uruguay(1)    venezuela(4) 










 
copyright 
        © 2006  
        contact/feedback | terms 
        of use | privacy policy

 





