










american kinesiotherapy association – akta










































































 










 

 


 833.663.0003 

 p.o. box 24822 richmond, va 23224 






follow us 


 

 

 

 





 










 
















  





about
events
education

akta in the news
competency verification form
contact
members in good standing
recognized specialists


membership

professional development

pre-approved ceus
ccb policies & procedures




copskt

competency verification form
members in good standing
available specializations
recognized specialists
pre-approved ceus
ccb policies & procedures
registration renewal information
become registered
scope of practice
committee on accreditation


shop apparel
my account

registration renewal information





 





0



no products in the cart.






 














  





about
events
education

akta in the news
competency verification form
contact
members in good standing
recognized specialists


membership

professional development

pre-approved ceus
ccb policies & procedures




copskt

competency verification form
members in good standing
available specializations
recognized specialists
pre-approved ceus
ccb policies & procedures
registration renewal information
become registered
scope of practice
committee on accreditation


shop apparel
my account

registration renewal information





 

















 



















about
events
education

akta in the news
competency verification form
contact
members in good standing
recognized specialists


membership

professional development

pre-approved ceus
ccb policies & procedures




copskt

competency verification form
members in good standing
available specializations
recognized specialists
pre-approved ceus
ccb policies & procedures
registration renewal information
become registered
scope of practice
committee on accreditation


shop apparel
my account

registration renewal information


 





 

 















promoting
health
 
							
read more

 




 


benefits of
membership
 
							
read more

 


 



read more

 


 











 

professional development




to establish and maintain the qualification standards for academic programs that train entry-level kinesiotherapists


 read more     











 

employers




why hire a registered kinesiotherapist (rkt)?


 read more     











 

student




looking for a career in preventative medicine?


 read more     
















 







				benefits of membership 

            01            

				quality continuing education offerings			


read more

 

 







				information at your fingertips			

            02            

				“members only” section of akta.org with access to a wealth of resources			


read more

 

 






 
 






kinesiotherapists are an extremely valuable resource in the va. they provide a variety of essential services, which enhance the quality of life of our veteran patients. through their expertise in assessment and treatment they promote improved function, overall health and conditioning.

dr. barbar sigford, m.d.
national representative for the veterans, affairs central office pm&rs advisory board






having an exercise physiology background makes kinesiotherapists (kt) well suited for additional sub-specialization in many areas. we have kts who provide cardiac and pulmonary rehab, aquatic therapy, driver training, and functional capacity evaluations. the versatile nature of kinesiotherapists makes them well suited for interdisciplinary patient care

timothy silver, m.d.
chief of physical medicine and rehabilitation - h.h. mcguire veterans affairs hospital - richmond, virginia






i have had the pleasure of working with kinesiotherapists at all levels, from the va system to private industry. i have found kinesiotherapists to be very capable and qualified to competently perform all aspects of rehabilitation. they have shown considerable compassion towards my patients and provided a much needed education of the rehabilitation process.

thomas sturdavant, m.d.
rehabilitation solutions







				become recognized for your area of expertise			

				the clinical specialization program has been established as a means to formally recognize the registered kinesiotherapist who has built upon his or her foundational professional education, as established in the kinesiotherapy scope of practice. clinical specialization is a voluntary process, initiated at the request of the rkt. copskt recognizes individuals who have attained an advanced level of knowledge and skill in each specialty area with approved training thru certifying bodies as outlined below.			






 











	adaptive sports
 

 read more    








 











	amputee
 

 read more    








 











	aquatics
 

 read more    








 











	cardiac rehabilitation
 

 read more    








 











	driver rehabilitation
 

 read more    








 











	ergonomic evaluation
 

 read more    








 











	functional capacity evaluation
 

 read more    








 











	geriatrics
 

 read more    








 











	health coach
 

 read more    








 











	multiple sclerosis
 

 read more    








 











	orthopedics
 

 read more    








 











	posture evaluation
 

 read more    








 











	seating/mobility
 

 read more    








 











	senior fitness specialist
 

 read more    








 











	senior home safety specialist
 

 read more    








 











	fall prevention
 

 read more    








 











	tai chi specialist
 

 read more    








 











	weight management
 

 read more    







				professional development			

				the purpose of the council on professional standards for kinesiotherapy (copskt) is to establish and maintain the qualification standards for academic programs that train entry-level kinesiotherapists, to provide the examination and testing of professional skills and knowledges unique to the kinesiotherapist, and to provide opportunities for practicing clinicians to maintain registered status through seminars, conferences, and other coursework.			







committee on accreditation




committee on accreditation of education programs for kinesiotherapy







verify registration




submit an official request verifying current registration status or board eligibility.







become registered




registration by the council on professional standards for kinesiotherapy (copskt) represents a personal commitment to excellence in the practice of rehabilitation.







become specialized




the council on professional standards for kinesiotherapy (copskt) is excited to announce available specializations in the field of kinesiotherapy.




				what are kinesiotherapists?			

				kinesiotherapists provide sub-acute or post-acute rehabilitative therapy focusing on therapeutic exercise, reconditioning and physical education. kinesiotherapists emphasize the psychological as well as physical benefits of therapeutic exercise for rehabilitation. following a prescription from a licensed practitioner, kinesiotherapists provide rehabilitative exercise and education to patients.			




				our team working for you			

            03            


read more

 






crossfit expert





crossfit expert





crossfit expert





cardio trainer


 



				our mission			

				the american kinesiotherapy association’s strategic partners are groups of individuals or services that enhance the vision and mission of the akta.			









                                1                            

 




section 1


the mission of the akta is to support the rehabilitative services of registered kinesiotherapists while promoting the health and wellness of all populations including veterans and individuals with functional limitations.









                                2                            

 




section 2


the mission of the association as a non-profit organization shall by accomplished by advancing the professional standards of education and training by developing and sponsoring educational programs of the highest scientific and professional competence.









                                3                            

 




section 3


the association ensures equal opportunity for all members and employees regardless of their age, sex, race, color, religion, sexual orientation, national origin, political affiliation, marital status, or physical/mental handicap.



 



				strategic partners			

				the american kinesiotherapy association’s strategic partners are groups of individuals or services that enhance the vision and mission of the akta.			




























 

 



 
 








 


 833.663.0003 

 p.o. box 24822 

 mon - sat 8.00 - 18.00 


latest news







            akta gets a makeover            
 

    
        april 14, 2021        

 






            american kinesiotherapy commemorates 75th anniversary of “improvement through movement.”            
 

    
        april 14, 2021        

 

 

 

recent projects

april 2021
august 2020
march 2018

links policies & procedures

 


contact

 







































send message




21630δ










 copyrights 2020 © akta

 

 follow us



 

 

 

 



 
 
 


 






























































