

netcapital's portfolio companies










































copyright © 1999-20011netcapital.com, llc




 








portfolio companies















napster.com

napster
is the fastest growing site in internet history, and has revolutionized
music distribution. as a first-mover with revolutionary technology,
napster launched in june of 1999 and built a larger community in 6
months than aol did in 6 years. the company is currently in discussion
with the recording industry as part of defining a long-term business
model.













netgames.com

netgames
is focused on becoming the number one online gaming community. the
business is built around a unique game platform called "netgames
fusion" that launched september 2000. the company has a strong team, a
focused community-based strategy, and b2c and b2b revenue streams.













netmovies.com

netmovies
distributes movies and movie related content over the internet. through
a combination of innovative technology and a focused, community-based
strategy netmovies is able to dramatically enhance internet bandwidth
efficiency. initially free to users, the objective is to own internet
distribution of movies.













netwire.com

netwire
is an early-stage incubation targeting secure and anonymous currency
transfer via e-mail - an electronic western union. the target market is
college students and the target business model is revenue sharing with
atm networks.













on24.com

on24
is the premier source of original and syndicated streaming broadcast
news and opinion created for the online investor. on24's programming is
free to more than 80 million users through its partnership with leading
web portals.














launched in 2005, path was sold to the company's management in 2006.













sportsclub.com

sportsclub.com
is an incubation stage company focused on broadband sports
entertainment. the objective is to allow users to watch any sporting
event any time, and to allow short clips and highlights instantly from
any sporting event anywhere in the world.











valuesetters
is a social business network for online wholesalers, vendors and
merchants to network together creating a completely new distribution
channel for their products - currently offering over 60.000 items. 
valuesetters, inc. is a public company traded under the symbol vstr.
valuesetters is a business development partner of both netwire and
netmovies.


 
 


