





houston sheltie sanctuary – houston sheltie sanctuary

































































		skip to content










 

search


 












donate










facebook-f
 



facebook-f
 













 









 

search


 










donate










facebook-f
 



facebook-f
 












home
available shelties

available shelties
available shelties info


how to adopt

adoption guidelines
application process
finalizing the adoption
adoption application
final agreement


foster program

foster program
foster home & guidelines
tribute to foster homes
foster application
foster home agreement


guidelines & faqs

buying a sheltie puppy
rescue faqs
stories & poems


info

before & after
here in this house poem
program charter
why we rescue


owner relinquishment

owner relinquishment
owner relinquishment form


contact
 

 

home
available shelties

available shelties
available shelties info


how to adopt

adoption guidelines
application process
finalizing the adoption
adoption application
final agreement


foster program

foster program
foster home & guidelines
tribute to foster homes
foster application
foster home agreement


guidelines & faqs

buying a sheltie puppy
rescue faqs
stories & poems


info

before & after
here in this house poem
program charter
why we rescue


owner relinquishment

owner relinquishment
owner relinquishment form


contact
 









 





 

home
available shelties

available shelties
available shelties info


how to adopt

adoption guidelines
application process
finalizing the adoption
adoption application
final agreement


foster program

foster program
foster home & guidelines
tribute to foster homes
foster application
foster home agreement


guidelines & faqs

buying a sheltie puppy
rescue faqs
stories & poems


info

before & after
here in this house poem
program charter
why we rescue


owner relinquishment

owner relinquishment
owner relinquishment form


contact
 




















available sheltiesadopt a sheltiebecome a fosterdonations & volunteerabout us 

 

 









houston sheltie sanctuary 



if you are interested in adopting one of our shelties, please go to the above sidebar entitled “how to adopt”, read about our program, then send in an adoption application. we only discuss individual dogs with approved applicants. 














				phoebe			










				sheba			










				riley			










				casey			












more available shelties







foster homes needed 



if you are interested in adopting one of our shelties, please go to the above sidebar entitled “how to adopt”, read about our program, then send in an adoption application. we only discuss individual dogs with approved applicants. 








houston sheltie sanctuary 2025 calendar 



hss 2025 calendars are now in stock! makes a great holiday gift for your sheltie lover! get yours while they last! use the donate button and pay via paypal or credit card. put “2024 calendar” in the comments and include your mailing address. total cost is $31:  calendar $25 + $2.06 tax + $3.94 shipping 





 








latest available shelties 






see all available shelties







welcome to houston sheltie sanctuary, inc. est. 1998 



shelties rescued since nov 4, 1998: 1525 / 31 this year 



dates of events 






see our calendar












 








fall picnic tba 







houston sheltie sanctuary spring picnic 2023 






 
sunday, march 26, 2023



 
12:00 pm to 3:00 pm ct




 
christia adair park, pavilion #1,15107 cullen blvd. houston, tx 77047







the hss picnic is not open to the general public.  it is only for families who have adopted, fostered or are approved to adopt from hss.  we will have police security at the picnic, as usual. 







other ways to donate 








igive.comselect houston sheltie sanctuary when registering. 





krogerkroger npo # is kq422. 





chewyhss gets a $15 donation when new customers purchase from chewy via link above. 









show you care! 



 



if you are thinking of breeding your adorable dog, please read “just one litter.” 






donate









the number one killer 



 



the number one killer of our rescued shelties is heartworm disease, yet it is preventable through a monthly pill costing about $10.00. failure to give monthly preventative is abuse. we require all veterinary records showing vaccinations given and heartworm preventative purchased for all resident dogs. if heartworm preventative is purchased on line, we require copies of those receipts. 





the number one killer 



 



et stuff resale will reward shelter and rescue group dog adopters with 10.00 off any crate 35.00 or above. this applies to both new and used crates and is good anytime before to 3 days after the adoption. all used crates are disinfected. pet stuff resale can be found most weekends in front of the citizens for animal protection thrift store on i-10 near dairy ashford. for more information on this offer, call pet stuff resale at 817-480-8400. 





stuffed shelties 



 











 







information 






coordinators




donations & volunteers




friends & patrons




rainbow bridge




web links




about us









lost shelties 






guidelines for finders




lost shelties







donate! 






donate









heartworm disease 






heartworm disease




heartworm care guide







social media 






facebook-f
 



facebook-f
 












© 1998-2025 by houston sheltie sanctuary. 



all rights reserved and protected by federal copyright law. 



houston sheltie sanctuary, inc., po box 840235 houston, tx 77284-0235 





sheltie line: 281-859-0146 



e-mail: connie / linda / maribeth / jenny / frank 



website development by discover web solutions, llc. 



























