







ohio custom ornamental ironwork - smith iron works | lowell, oh




































skip to content









balcony railings


bridges


curved stairs


drawings


fencing


grilles


hand rails


lawn art


steel benches


truck racks


gates


step rails















 











 




							give us a call today at						


740.896.2299 













get a quote
















home
about us
our products

artwork

metal art


doors/ windows

window boxes
awnings
columns


guards

fireplace screens
window & door guards
window boxes


gates/ fencing

gates
driveway gates
security & custom gates
fences


grilles

grilles


outdoor

bollards
gazebos
lawn art
mailbox post & mailbox’s
wrought iron signs
furniture

park benches
picnic benches


walk bridge


railings

handicap ramps railing
step railings
porch railings
balconies
balcony railings
balustrades
boat dock
wall mount handrails
pipe & cable railing
loading docks


stairs

circular stairs
curved stairs
steel stairs
fire escapes


custom services

3-d drawings
custom blacksmithing
custom ornamental signs
custom wrought iron work
custom fabrications

truck racks


memorials




showroom
testimonials
contact us
 

 menu


home
about us
our products

artwork

metal art


doors/ windows

window boxes
awnings
columns


guards

fireplace screens
window & door guards
window boxes


gates/ fencing

gates
driveway gates
security & custom gates
fences


grilles

grilles


outdoor

bollards
gazebos
lawn art
mailbox post & mailbox’s
wrought iron signs
furniture

park benches
picnic benches


walk bridge


railings

handicap ramps railing
step railings
porch railings
balconies
balcony railings
balustrades
boat dock
wall mount handrails
pipe & cable railing
loading docks


stairs

circular stairs
curved stairs
steel stairs
fire escapes


custom services

3-d drawings
custom blacksmithing
custom ornamental signs
custom wrought iron work
custom fabrications

truck racks


memorials




showroom
testimonials
contact us
 
















 
740.896.2299
















 









home
about us
our products

artwork

metal art


doors/ windows

window boxes
awnings
columns


guards

fireplace screens
window & door guards
window boxes


gates/ fencing

gates
driveway gates
security & custom gates
fences


grilles

grilles


outdoor

bollards
gazebos
lawn art
mailbox post & mailbox’s
wrought iron signs
furniture

park benches
picnic benches


walk bridge


railings

handicap ramps railing
step railings
porch railings
balconies
balcony railings
balustrades
boat dock
wall mount handrails
pipe & cable railing
loading docks


stairs

circular stairs
curved stairs
steel stairs
fire escapes


custom services

3-d drawings
custom blacksmithing
custom ornamental signs
custom wrought iron work
custom fabrications

truck racks


memorials




showroom
testimonials
contact us
 

 menu


home
about us
our products

artwork

metal art


doors/ windows

window boxes
awnings
columns


guards

fireplace screens
window & door guards
window boxes


gates/ fencing

gates
driveway gates
security & custom gates
fences


grilles

grilles


outdoor

bollards
gazebos
lawn art
mailbox post & mailbox’s
wrought iron signs
furniture

park benches
picnic benches


walk bridge


railings

handicap ramps railing
step railings
porch railings
balconies
balcony railings
balustrades
boat dock
wall mount handrails
pipe & cable railing
loading docks


stairs

circular stairs
curved stairs
steel stairs
fire escapes


custom services

3-d drawings
custom blacksmithing
custom ornamental signs
custom wrought iron work
custom fabrications

truck racks


memorials




showroom
testimonials
contact us
 

















smith iron workscustom blacksmithing & ornamental ironworkinglearn morehand railssmith iron handrails, functional and decorative.our productsspiral stairssmith iron brings to you generations of metalworking expertise, a craft passed down through the millennia from father to son.contact us 















 






 when you want it done right call smith iron  



if you’re in the south east ohio area and looking for the finest in custom ornamental ironwork,contact us here or call us at (740) 896-2299. also, take the time to browse our showroom. 










showroom














get a quote



























what we do 



we bring your vision to reality resulting in products that have a timeless elegance. our passion for our craft elevates your ideas and our designs to stunning art. 








 








 
balcony railings
















 








 
handrails
















 








 
fencing




















 








 
curved stairs
















 








 
gates
















 








 
fireplaces







looking for something special? 



give us a call at 







740.896.2299 














view all services















welcome to 



smith iron works 



custom blacksmithing at its finest 



based in lowell, ohio, and nestled in the beautiful muskingum river valley, smith iron is a family-owned and operated business, bringing you a wealth of ironworking experience, including spiral stairs, fire escapes, security doors and grilles, gates, fencing, railings, and custom ornamental blacksmithing of all kinds.whether it’s an iron fence or an iron gate, no one can deny the timeless charm of a well-made piece of wrought iron. smith iron brings to you generations of metalworking expertise, a craft passed down through the millennia from father to son. 






















testimonials 



see what our clients saying about us. 




 










 






 5/5 




“smitty, i love the gate. i can’t tell you how many people have stopped by and said how much they like it. one woman came by today and asked who had done the gate because she was interested in getting one too. thanks so much.” 



– diane lawrie 











our projects 



everyone in the smith iron team brings a passion to their work. the difference is reflected in the attention to detail lavished upon each item we produce. in most cases, one individual craftsman will see each job through from start to finish, providing our customers with the ultimate quality control. 













 






 












get in touch 



have a question about any of our services? give us a call at (740)896-2299 or email us for a quote. 






get a quote





















navigation 






home




about us




our products




showroom




testimonials




contact us











our products 






balcony railings




bridges




curved stairs




grilles




hand rails




lawn art











our products 






access / handicap ramps




awning




bollards




fire escapes




security doors




steel benches











contact info 






 
9330 state route 60 lowell,  oh 45744




 
740-896-2299





 
740-896-3499




 
mon-fri: 9:00 a.m. – 5:00 p.m.sat - sun: closed


















© smith iron works. all rights reserved. 










facebook-f
 



instagram
 































