



 


world book




































































































 
 

 

















 












search×




your bag 




$0.00 


0













home
about
educators

promote your subscription

schools
public libraries


worksheets

online & ebooks
print


trivia quizzes
curriculum correlations
featured media & research
subscribe to newsletter


parents

digital
print products
what’s new
deals & specials
subscribe to newsletter/ special offers


support & training

early learning
kids
student
advanced
timelines
discover
ebooks
live webinars
faqs


news & updates
customer care

world book online login
shipping & delivery
refunds & returns
accounts & billing
how to order off-line
privacy policy
terms & conditions
help & support


contact us
 

 menu


home
about
educators

promote your subscription

schools
public libraries


worksheets

online & ebooks
print


trivia quizzes
curriculum correlations
featured media & research
subscribe to newsletter


parents

digital
print products
what’s new
deals & specials
subscribe to newsletter/ special offers


support & training

early learning
kids
student
advanced
timelines
discover
ebooks
live webinars
faqs


news & updates
customer care

world book online login
shipping & delivery
refunds & returns
accounts & billing
how to order off-line
privacy policy
terms & conditions
help & support


contact us
 









print shop

all
what’s new
reluctant readers
early learning
stem
humanities & social sciences
encyclopedias


digital shop
what’s new
deals & specials
catalogue
 

 menu


print shop

all
what’s new
reluctant readers
early learning
stem
humanities & social sciences
encyclopedias


digital shop
what’s new
deals & specials
catalogue
 










home
about us
educators

promote your subscription

schools
public libraries


worksheets online

online
ebooks & print


curriculum correlations
featured media & research


parents

digital
print products
what’s new
deals & specials
subscribe to newsletter/ special offers


support & training

early learning
kids
student
advanced
timelines
ebooks
live webinars
world book online faqs


news & updates
customer care

world book online login
shipping
refunds & returns
accounts & billing
how to order offline
privacy policy
terms & conditions
help & support


contact
print shop

all
what’s new
reluctant readers
early learning
stem
humanities & social sciences
encyclopedias


digital shop
what’s new
deals & specials
2025 world book catalogue
orders
 

 menu


home
about us
educators

promote your subscription

schools
public libraries


worksheets online

online
ebooks & print


curriculum correlations
featured media & research


parents

digital
print products
what’s new
deals & specials
subscribe to newsletter/ special offers


support & training

early learning
kids
student
advanced
timelines
ebooks
live webinars
world book online faqs


news & updates
customer care

world book online login
shipping
refunds & returns
accounts & billing
how to order offline
privacy policy
terms & conditions
help & support


contact
print shop

all
what’s new
reluctant readers
early learning
stem
humanities & social sciences
encyclopedias


digital shop
what’s new
deals & specials
2025 world book catalogue
orders
 









 












$0.00 


0













search×

















australia & new zealand 








 
2025 world book slider21st century inventions-sliderbbe-sliderbbgs-sliderwwhi-sliderearly learning-sliderkids-sliderstudent-sliderebooks-slider 



 















what we do best ? 











 







									what’s								



new 











									world book is dedicated to offering the latest and the best, accurate, up-to-date and unbiased information.								






see what's new















									see our								



digital products 














learn more











 











 







									reluctant								



readers 











									help reluctant readers and esl learners gain confidence in their reading skills. we have a variety of reading materials to encourage and excite reluctant readers.

these books and resources are in different formats and genres, they handle high-interest topics with easily digestible text and engaging layouts — and they are age and ability appropriate, as well as entertaining.								






learn more















what we do best ? 











 







 







 











 







 







 















deals & specials 



see all our specials &
deals before they’re gone 






see specials



















what our clients say 



									see why world book is the best for enhancing learning and reading:								



 










i love world book! it’s so user friendly and i always refer to it when i am talking to classes. the ebooks are growing and are also useful.



j. keikkinen, teacher librarian 






world book online is an excellent resource for senior students… we wouldn’t be without it in our school.



s. hill, teacher librarian 






world book has proven to be a valuable resource for our school in so many ways. i especially love how the features and products available cater to all students making it a useful tool for students.



p kougellis, teacher librarian 






students enjoy every feature of world book kids. they especially love the world of animals. stage 3 classes enjoy being extended with world book student. 


s. bourke, teacher librarian 





















the best for schools & libraries 



									stay up to date with the latest resources, worksheets, special offers and what’s new.								





 










    
    
   



















news & updates 















general post

 



				computer science			


coding and computer basics come alive in the newest instalment of the popular building blocks series. 


			read more		























 





home
shop
about us
news & updates
shipping
refunds & returns
terms & conditions
privacy policy
world book online login
 

home
shop
about us
news & updates
shipping
refunds & returns
terms & conditions
privacy policy
world book online login
 







get in touch 





 





























									copyright © 2024 world book | all rights reserved | website design by: luke hayes 



















0

your cart




your cart is emptyreturn to shop















close this module
keeping parents updatedstay up to date with the latest resources, worksheets, special offers and what’s new. first namejohnyour emailjohnsmith@example.comsubmit 






















































