
















the lane's site







































































the lane's site






























































































wednesday, 7 june 2017








great furniture options for small living spaces










it can often be frustrating to design a small home. lack of
space can make things a lot harder. note, though, that a small residence
doesn't have to restrict your design imagination in any sense. if you want to
make the most out of your available room, these design suggestions can work
like a charm.

acrylic elements can do wonders for smaller spaces. acrylic furnishings are so
many positive things. they're fashionable, strong and basic all at the same
time. they're not overwhelming to the eyes in any way, too. if you want to give
your small space a big design boost, it can be a great idea to take the acrylic
route.

look for furniture that can multitask for you. that can be a great option for
people who don't have a lot of room to spare. fold-down desks are a fantastic
example. these desks can be helpful to people who need to write and take care
of work duties regularly. they can also be helpful to those who need to take
advantage of available space. if you want to be able to forget your desk
whenever the need arises, a nice fold-down desk can be an asset.






étagères are open shelves that either stand on their own or hang. they're ideal
for showcasing ornaments and figurines of all types. if you want to give your
small space a rather lightweight feel, an étagère can do the trick. étagères
make a great alternative to bookshelves. bookshelves can be problematic for
smaller spaces in that they sometimes cross across as being clunky and awkward.
étagères are a whole other story.

it can be wise to take advantage of mirrors. mirrors offer the luxury of
optical illusions. they can quickly and easily make your available space seem a
lot more impressive, too. consider looking for mirrors that are reminiscent of
windows visually. consider putting a sizable mirror across from a window, too.
this can be excellent for natural light reflection purposes. if you want your
indoor space to look as beautiful and welcoming as the landscapes that surround
it, this can work wonderfully.






opt for memorable design components. people who reside in small homes don't
always have to settle for design elements that are muted and subtle in
appearance. if you want to give your living space a little extra flair and
vitality, you should opt for design components that are striking and
eye-catching. you don't have to reach for faux stone panels that are
inconspicuous. you can go for faux stone panels that pique your interest. if
you don't have much furniture in your living space, you can make up for that by
selecting design elements that are full of character. less isn't always more.
you may not have much space available, but you can compensate for that with spectacular
design.







small homes tend to have small closets. that can be a hassle for people who own
lots of outfits. if you have concerns about storing your clothing, it can be a
bright idea to purchase a large wardrobe. if you're serious about buying a
wardrobe, go for one that's narrow. narrow wardrobes encourage people to look
on top of them. this can make living spaces appear a lot larger and more
impressive. if you're creative and imaginative, space restrictions should never
be an issue.





posted by



lane bittner




at

05:35



2 comments:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest




labels:
decoration,
designing,
furniture,
living room












home




subscribe to:
posts (atom)















blog archive








        ▼ 
      



2017

(1)





        ▼ 
      



june

(1)

great furniture options for small living spaces


















































awesome inc. theme. powered by blogger.
























