gifts to india - wedding gifts, birthday gifts, cakes, flowers to hyderabad | us2guntur

















    send gifts create memories     groupsitesus2guntur.comus2ap.comus2chennai.comus2telangana.comus2banglore.comus2delhi.comus2mumbai.comus2calcutta.comusdlogin / signuporder tracking+91 98499 85774 contact usfeed backreviewscontact us  categoriesanniversary giftsapparels & accessoriesbaby care giftsbangalore exclusivesbeauty care & perfumesbirthday giftsbirthday gifts 4 kidsblown balloons combocake n flowerscakes & cookieschennai  exclusiveschocolates & ice creamscomputer & peripheralscongratulations giftscorporate giftscustomized orderscycles & bikesdaughters day giftsdeals and offersdresses - for himelectronics & durablesengagement specialsexpress deliveryflowersfood & beveragesfriendship day giftsfruits & dry fruitsgift certificatesgifts 4 fathergifts 4 fiancee or wifegifts 4 hergifts 4 mothergifts for himguntur exclusiveshealth carehome applianceshome decor & furniturehouse warming giftshyderabad exclusivesjewellery storekids gift storekitchen appliancesmidnight surprise giftsmobiles & cordless phonesmonsoon giftsmysore exclusivesnellore exclusivesnever ending surprise giftsnew year giftsondot deliveriesparty voucherspersonalised giftsphotographypune exclusivesrakhi gifts 4 brotherrakhi gifts 4 sisterramadan giftsretirement giftssarees and dressesseemantham giftsshare the imagessilver storesoft toys & pop giftssports giftssweets & savouriestravel & leather giftsvaralakshmi vrathamvijayawada exclusivesvizag exclusiveswatcheswedding gifts    offerswishlistcart00 item(s) in your cartedit my cartcontinue shopping






categories







flowers



by collection 

flowers  bunches 
flowers basket 
heart shape arrangements
sympathy flowers
life size arrangements
artificial flowers 
flowers & vases 



combos

flowers with cake
flowers with chocolates

by type
roses
gerberas
mixed flowers











cakes



by type

general cakes 
grand cakes
chocolate cakes 
aniversary cakes 
egg less cakes 
cake and flowers 



special cakes 

heart shape cakes
kids cartoon photo cakes 
personalised photo cakes
number cakes 
taj cakes (city based)
new year cakes 



city special 

hyderabad 
bangalore
guntur
vijayawada
rajahmundry











chocolates



by type 

imported chocolates 
cadbury chocolates 
cookies



combos 

chocolate thalis 
chocolate and flowers 
teddy n chocolates
choco hampers









sweets & fruits



by varieties 

cashew
traditional
milk 
bengali 
hot items



by brand

pulla reddy 
dadu
abhiruchi 
almond 
bikanervala



dry fruits 

dryfruits 
dry fruit thalis 
fresh fruits
fresh fruits  baskets 
fruit hampers









soft toys



soft toys

teddy bears
large teddies
love bear & pillows
animal stuff
play toys



pop dolls

pop gifts
love baskets
couple gifts
crystal gifts



combos

teddy n chocolates
love bear n flowers
birthday choco baskets









sarees & dresses



by varieties

kanchi pattu sarees
exclusive pure silk sarees


fancy silk sarees
cotton n seico sarees




apparels

saress 
dress materials 
dresses and kurtis  
pattu parikines and ooni sets  










food & beverages
                                



by type 

food item hampers 
biryani & fried rice

beverages 



by city 

hyderabad exclusives
bangalore exclusives
guntur exclusives
vijayawada exclusives, etc..









personalized gifts



gifts 4

birthday 
her 
him 
teacher 
wedding 



by type 

pens 
zodiac mugs 
t-shirts
wooden engraving gifts 



relation

brother 
sister
mother
father
kids









city exclusives
                                



city exclusives

hyderabad 
												  ( pulla reddy sweets, 
												    krishna sweets, 
												    bluefox restaurant, 
													paradise hotel, 
													abhiruchi swagruha foods, 
													party vouchers
etc..)
												
guntur  
												  ( chandana bros, 
												    swagruha sweets, 
												    kalamandir gift cheques, 
                                                    etc..)
												
bangalore 
												  ( adyar ananda bhavan, 
												    central mall, 
												    krishna sweets, 
                                                    etc..)
												
chennai 
												  ( life style, 
												    shopper stop, 
												    taj cakes, 
                                                    etc..)
												
pune 
												  ( pune central, 
												    kaka halwai sweets, 
                                                    etc..)
												
vijayawada 
												  ( r.s brothers vouchers, 
												    sweet magic sweets, 
													tmc - gift cheque,
                                                    etc..)
												
vizag 
												  ( sivarama sweets, 
												    cmr gift vouchers, 
													chermas gift cheques,
                                                    etc..)
												









creative gifting 



creative gifting

never ending surprises 
hidden surprises
gift a name
video surprises
pinata cakes
multi day hampers
beauty care & perfumes 
talking roses



more gift ideas

customized orders 
apparels and accessories
baby care gifts
congratulation gifts 
corporate gifts 
house warming 



more gift ideas

health care 
retirement 
share the images 
travel and leather 










watches & mobiles



watches

titan ladies watches
titan gents watches
citizen ladies watches
timex ladies watches
fast track ladies watches
fast track gents watches
couple watches



mobiles

samsung cell phone
nokia cell phone









jewellery



pendants /necklace sets 


diamond pendants
earrings - gold & diamond
rings 
bangles and bracelets 
silver gifts 



jewellery 4 

mother 
her 
sister 
kids 










health care



health care

health - checkup
health care products
e - health care












customized orders
								



all categories
								



order to multiple recipients
								













menu




birthday




popular gifts

birthday specials
cakes
flowers

cake n flowers
chocolate hampers
natural fresh plants
fruit & dryfruits
create memories
midnight surprises





gifts collection

watches
mobiles
sarees
soft toys
shirts
gift vouchers
beauty care & perfumes
pinata cakes
jewellery





gifts for

her
him
kids
friends

mother /
 father
brother
sister
wife / fiancee
husband










wedding




popular gifts

wedding cakes
flowers
garlands
wedding accessories
couple watches
event photography
beauty care
dinner sets
silver store





gifts collection

gift hampers
video surprises
hidden surprises
never ending surprises
honey moon trips
gift vouchers
kitchen appliances
jewellery






gifts for

bride
bride groom
couple
her
him
friends










anniversary




popular gifts


anniversary specials


heart shape flowers


heart shape cakes


anniversary cakes


cake n flowers


chocolate hampers


soft toys


love pop dolls


midnight surprises






gifts collection


gift hampers


love forever gifts


party vouchers


gift vouchers


dignity idols


home decor


annadanams


bags


perfumes






gifts for


wife


husband


couples


friends


parents















gifts 4 him




popular gifts


cakes


flowers


chocolates


fruits & dryfruits


gift hampers


shirts


watches


mobiles






stylish gifts


couple idols


photo frames


mugs


gift vouchers


goggles


wallets and belts


travel and laptop bags


dresses for him






grooming kits


perfumes


deos


grooming and care











gifts 4 her




popular gifts


flowers


cakes


chocolates


soft toys


beauty care


hand bags


watches


sarees






creative gifting


hidden surprises


video surprises


never ending surprises


gift hampers


chocos with roses


kitchen appliances


gift vouchers


dresses






jewellery


diamond pendents


diamond rings


gold chains


earrings


bracelets


pearl bangles


fancy jewellery


anklets















gifts 4 kids




popular gifts


kids gifts


cakes


chocolates


sweets


ice creams


soft toys


fruits & dryfruits


cycles & bicycles






other toys


baby care gifts


cricket sets


remote cars


musical instruments


intex gifts


gaming devices


battery operated cars


sports






branded toys


barbie collection


fisher price toys


other toys


funskool toys


school kits


bags


color kits















occasions




upcoming events

















shivaratri - 26th feb


 fresh fruits


 dry fruits



women's day - 8th  march


holi - 14th  march


   holi special hampers 


  holi n dryfruits 



ramzan - 30th  march

















express delivery 




midnight delivery 


midnight surprise cakes


midnight surprise flowers


cake n flowers


midnight video surprise


midnight surprise hampers


hidden surprises















express delivery 



cakes


flowers


chocolates


fruits n dryfruits


cake n flowers


sarees



sweets & savouries





















 0    





















'same day delivery' orders are accepted upto 6 pm ist, subject
                            to possibility.  


 contact live help

















































































4.8



rating

out of 5




5 




342000


4 




121500


3 




980


2 




330


1 




5












jyothi,usa


thank you so much for the delivery on time. really appreciate the service. would
                                        definitely us your service again.
click here..








jahnavi parinkayala,
                                            canada


congratulations to the whole team.. great job guys!! cake n flowers were amazing.
                                        many thanks for delivering on time...
click here..








akila
                                            arumugam,usa


i wanted to compliment on a staffs exceptional service. i had a problem with the
                                        order i made. she replied me with the update...
click here..








bharath, usa


you have made my day by delivering the gift to my family in time. thanks a lot
                                        for your service and i really appreciate the service...
click here..







































































seasons special
 pay in your local currency / usd / inr












view
                                        all products



cake n flowers

$ 19.99












view
                                        all products



dryfruit thali

$ 11.99












view
                                        all products



choco thali

$ 11.99












view
                                        all products



pink teddy

$ 18.99












view
                                        all products



fresh fruit basket

$ 16.99












view
                                        all products



hidden surprises

$ 12.99












view
                                        all products



midnight surprise

$ 25.99












view
                                        all products



golden yellow color kanchi fancy 

$ 93.99












view
                                        all products



love baskets

$ 14.99












view
                                        all products



fancy georgette saree

$ 27.99












view
                                        all products



love me - flower arrangement 

$ 29.99












view
                                        all products



fast track ladies watch

$ 44.99












view
                                        all products



hand pouch 

$ 7.99








































































 






















shivaratri



shivaratri gifts
 fresh fruits
dry fruits
sweets
view all














 fresh fruits
dry fruits
sweets
shivaratri hampers
traditional sweets
dryfruit thalis
abhiruchi swagruha foods
flowers / plants
hand bags
fruits & dry fruits
pulla reddy sweets
sarees and dresses
 dhotis and shirts for ..
silver - pooja items
silver - coins & idols




beauty kits
chocolate thalis
citizen ladies watches
chocolate bouquets

jewellery store
divinity frames


















fresh fruits 

$ 20.99










view all products





dry fruits

$ 11.99










view all products





sweets

 $ 13.99










view all products





 shivaratri hampers 

$ 17.99










view all products





silver - pooja items

$ 25.99










view all products





 kanchi pattu sarees

$ 104.99










view all products


















birthday




birthday
                                    cakes
flowers
chocolates
cake n flowers
view all














birthday
                                            baskets
for friend

musical
                                            greetings
hidden
                                            surprises
exotic
                                            hampers
birthday
                                            accessories
video
                                            surprise
create memories
large teddy
                                            bears
teddy bear

play toys

hand bags for
                                            her




makeup kits

midnight surprise
                                            hampers
teddy n
                                            chocolates
imported
                                            chocolates
ice creams

chocolates n
                                            flowers

















general cakes

$ 15.99









view
                                                            all products





pinata cakes

$ 17.99










view
                                                            all products





heart shape cakes

$ 18.99









view
                                                            all products





number and doll cakes

$ 56.99









view
                                                            all products





emoji fun cakes (photo..

$ 32.99









view
                                                            all products





balloon bouquets

$ 47.99









view
                                                            all products


















wedding



wedding
                                    hampers
bride
couple
bride groom
view all














flowers for
                                            couple

bride groom

wedding special
                                            hampers
couple
special cakes

photo albums with
                                            photos
wedding
                                            accessories
hand bags for
                                            her
event
                                            photography
makeup kits

kanchi pattu
                                            sarees





rice cookers

la opala dinner
                                            sets
pressure
                                            cookers

jewellery store
dryfruit
                                            thalis
silver store






















15 red roses flower bunch ...

$ 44.99










view
                                                            all products





flowers for couple

$ 16.99 










view
                                                            all products





special hampers

$ 29.99










view
                                                            all products





gift hamper

$ 102.99










view
                                                            all products





4 sweet couple

$ 52.99










view
                                                            all products





rose garlands

$ 18.99










view
                                                            all products


















sarees & dresses




sarees
                                    
dresses, parikini and kurtis
fancy silk sarees
 cotton n seico sarees

view all












sarees
 fancy kanchi pattu sarees
 venkatagiri kanchi pattu sarees

 cotton n seico sarees

 fancy sarees
dresses, parikini and kurtis
















exclusive venkatagiri pattu s..

$ 119.99










view
                                                            all products





exclusive uppada pattu saree

$ 164.99










view
                                                            all products





kalaneta maroon color venkatagiri

$ 32.99










view
                                                            all products









brown color venkatagiri

$ 98.99










view
                                                            all products





cotton n seico sarees

$ 39.99










view
                                                            all products





fancy silk saree

$ 19.99










view
                                                            all products





ikkat pattu parikini

$ 56.99










view
                                                            all products





dresses and kurtis

$  21.99










view
                                                            all products


































we also offer









                                        the best way to surprise your love on his/ her birthday or anniversary by
                                        sending gifts on midnight.
                                    

gift now









                                        same day delivery orders are accepted upto 6 pm ist, subjected to possibility.
                                        contact live help


gift now









                                        send gifts to india to over 600 cities, same day delivery in all major towns and
                                        cities of india.
                                    

gift now










                                        we deliver quality gifts to usa, uk, canada, australia and uae on selected range
                                        of products
                                    

gift now









 























      


address:
us2guntur.com - india, plot no:124, ark chambers, kavuri hills phase 1, jubilee hills, hyderabad - 500033, telangana, india.
phone:
+91 98499 85774
email:
support@us2guntur.com
branches






company

about us
reviews
terms & conditions
destinations
contact us
feed back



my account

my order
my wishlist
my photos
reminder service
my personal in



support

how to order
faq
process
terms & conditions
contact us






connect with us











us2guntur mobile app



download now & order quickly








accepted payment methods

















 




our group of sites:
us2ap.com
us2telangana.com 
us2bangalore.com
us2chennai.com
us2delhi.com
us2guntur.com
us2vijayawada.com
us2vizag.com




occasion gifts:
birthday gifts
wedding gifts
anniversary gifts
valentines gifts
new year gifts
retirement gifts
mother's day gifts
father's day gifts
friendship day gifts




indian festivals:
chavithi gifts
dussehra gifts
diwali gifts
ramzan gifts
christmas gifts
sankranthi gifts
ugadi gifts
rakhi gifts




gift categories:
cakes
flowers
sweets
chocolates
mobile phones
watches

sarees
dresses








us2ap.com / us2guntur.com is an e-commerce gift portal which deals with online gifting feature. carry the feelings to their dear one's through gifts.  no.1. gift portal in india, holding of 2 million+ satisfied customers. main features are photo of recipient at the time of delivery, more than 250+ product categories with 1lakhs products , creative gifting ideas like video surprises, never ending surprises, hidden surprises etc., prompt deliveries ,  24x7 customer care help- live help. midnight  services, same day orders- subject to acceptance.             

you can send creative gifts to dear ones, family members, friends etc through our group portal like www.us2ap.com,  www.us2chennai.com,  www.us2bangalore.com,  www.us2kolkata.com, www.us2pune.com,  www.us2delhi.com. you can send gifts to your dear one at any point of time, send gifts to surprise them during midnight surprise gifts. us2ap.com is the one and only one gift portal with four branches at hyderabad to serve faster. dilsukhnagar, hyderabad, secunderabad and ameerpet are the main zonal areas to serve hyderabadis and twin city customers. highlights of  us2guntur.com/us2ap.com- own delivery team, quality products, quality services, free digital photo, free shipping charges, best prices with good customer service support. there are wide range of gifts for any relation like  gifts 4 mother, gifts 4 father, gifts 4 brother, gifts 4 sister, gifts 4 him, gifts 4 wife / fiancee , gifts 4 bride, gifts 4 bridegroom, etc. us2guntur is the right choice to select for sending gifts on occasions like birthday gifts, anniversary gifts, valentine's gifts, new year gifts, christmas gifts, friendship day gifts, mother's day gifts, father's day gifts, rakhi gifts, retirement gifts, wedding gifts, and on indian festivals like rakhi gifts, diwali gifts, dussehra gifts, ramadan gifts, pongal gifts, ganesh chaturthi gifts, ugadi gifts, ramzan gifts, etc. 

flowers and cakes are the first choice of every customer to celebrate any occasion. we deliver fresh with fragrance flowers bouquets, flower bunches, flower baskets, life size bouquets, life size arrangements, heart shape flower arrangements, valentine roses, special roses for valentine's day, wedding garlands, throughout a.p. yummy sweet tempting cakes like plum cakes, new year cakes, cakes for new year celebrations, christmas cakes, photo cakes, butterscotch cakes, strawberry cakes, chocolate cakes, black forest cakes, pista cakes, grand cakes, step cakes, cartoon cakes, cakes 4 kids, heart shape cakes, funny cakes, personalised cakes, itc kakatiya cakes, taj cakes, wedding cakes, birthday cakes, retirement cakes, which suits taste of every aged group people 
to send flowers to india, cakes to india, wedding gifts to india, new year gifts to india, etc. 

gifts to hyderabad, cakes to hyderabad & flowers to hyderabad free home delivery same day, midnight services gifts 2 india, gifts india, gifts to india, gifts hyderabad, gifts2hyderabad, gifts 2 hyderabad, birthday gifts to hyderabad, birthday gifts 2 hyderabad, wedding gifts 2  hyderabad, wedding gifts wedding gifts to hyderabad, flowers hyderabad, flowers 2 hyderabad,  cakes to hyderabad, hyderabad cakes, flowers to hyderabad, send gifts to hyderabad, send gifts 2 hyderabad, anniversary gifts to hyderabad, rakhi gifts to hyderabad, mother's day gifts to hyderabad, valentine's day gifts to hyderabad, new year gifts 2 hyderabad, new year gifts, new year gifts to hyderabad, christmas gifts, christmas gifts to hyderabad, christmas gifts 2 hyderabad, x-mas gifts to hyderabad, x-mas gifts 2 hyderabad, gifts,  gift, hyderabad, gifts to india, gifts for her, gifts for him, gifts for kids, valentine's day gifts to hyderabad, hyderabad gifts to secunderabad. gifts 4 kids , gifts 4 him, gifts 4 her, gifts 4 dad, gifts 4 father, gifts 4 mother, gifts4mom, gifts 4 brother, gifts 4 sister, gifts 4 fiancee /wife, gifts 4 wife, gifts for fiancee.

copyrights ©  us2guntur.com. all rights reserved. designed by kireeti soft tech ltd(formerly essel soft)









scroll