




aaa native arts































 




















search for:



 

aaa native arts
articles
shopping
sitemap
view cart
contact us

native american tribes of the us

      

















native american tribesus tribes a to z profiles

us tribes a to b
us tribes c to d
us tribes e to g
us tribes h to j
us tribes k to m
us tribes n to p
us tribes q-s
us tribes t to v
us tribes w to z


state recognized tribes

state tribes a-b
state tribes c-d
state tribes e-g
state tribes h-j
state tribes k-m
state tribes n-p
state tribes q-s
state tribes t-v
state tribes w-z


black indians a-z
extinct tribes a-z

extinct tribes a
extinct tribes d – g
extinct tribes h – j
extinct tribes k – m
extinct tribes n-p
extinct tribes q – s
extinct tribes t – v
extinct tribes w – z


first nations a-z
terminated tribes
unrecognized tribes a-z

unrecognized tribes a-c
unrecognized tribes d-g
unrecognized tribes h-j
unrecognized tribes k-m
unrecognized tribes n-p
unrecognized tribes q-s
unrecognized tribes t-v
unrecognized tribes w-z


tribes by confederacy
tribes by language

algic language family

algonquian languages

central algonquian

kickapoo language
menominee language
cree-montagnais-naskapi

plains cree language
montagnais language
naskapi language


ojibwa language
meskwaki language
miami language
potawatomi language
shawnee language


plains algonquian

blackfoot language
cheyenne language
arapaho language

arapaho (heenetiit)




eastern algonquian

eastern abnaki
mi’kmaq language


carolina algonquian


wiyot language


caddoan language

wichita language


california dialects
chimakuan language
chinookan language
chumashan language
comecrudan language
coosan language family
creole language family
eskimo-aleut language

inuit language

inuktitut language




hokan language family

washoe language
yuman language
yuman–cochimí


iroquoian languages

northern iroquoian

lakes iroquoian

mohawk-oneida

mohawk language






southern iroquoian

cherokee language




keres language isolate
muskogean language

eastern muskogean

creek language


western muskogean


na-dene language

athabaskan (dene)

northern athabaskan

central alaska-yukon


southern athabaskan

apachean languages






native trade languages
penutian language family
siouan-catawban

missouri river siouan

hidatsa language




salishan languages

central coast salish

lushootseed language

northern lushootseed

snohomish language








tanoan–kiowa
uto-aztecan language

shoshoni language


yuki–wappo languages


tribes by region

arctic tribes

eskimo / inuit natives


california indians

cahuilla indians
cahto / kato indians
chilula indians
chimariko indians
chumash indians
cupeño indians
eel river athapaskan

wailaki indians
lassik indians
nongatl indians
sinkyone indians




great basin indians

goshute indians

chemehuevi indians


paiute indians
shoshone indians
ute indians
washoe indians


plains indians

arapaho indians
blackfeet indians
cheyenne indians
comanche indians
crow indians
gros ventre / atsina
iowa indians
kaw indians
kiowa indians
omaha indians
osage indians
pawnee indians
ponca indians
quawpaw indians
sioux nation

dakota sioux indians
lakota sioux indians
nakota sioux indians


three affiliated tribes
wichita indians


northeast indians

abenaki indians
algonquin indians
delaware / lenape
ho-chunk / winnebago
huron / wyandot
illinois indians
iroquois indians

cayuga indians
mohawk indians
onondaga indians
oneida indians
seneca indians
tuscarora indians


kickapoo indians
mahican indians
maliseet indians
menominee indians
miami indians
mikmaq indians
mohegan indians
munsee indians
narragansett indians
nipmuck indians
ojibwa / chippewa

chippewa indians
chippewa-cree indians
ottawa indians
potawatomi indians


passamaquoddy
pennacook indians
penobscot indians
pequot indians
powhatan indians
sac & fox nation

fox indians
sauk indians


shawnee indians
shinnecock indians
wampanoag indians


northwest coast

chinook indians
eyak natives
gitxsan
haida nation
haisla indians
hoh indians
klallam / sklallam
kwakiutl / kwakwaka wakw
lummi indians
makah indians
nisgaa / tsetsaut indians
nuxalk
quinault indians
snohomish indians
suquamish indians
tlingit
tongass indians
tulalip indians
tsimshian nation
wakashan

kwak-waka-wakw
heiltsuk
nuu-chah-nulth


wuikinuxv / oowekeeno / rivers inlet


plateau culture

cayuse indians
chinook indians
coeur d alene indians
colville confederated
kalispel indians
klamath indians
kootenai indians
nez perce indians


southeast indians

caddo indians
cherokee indians
chickasaw indians
choctaw indians
extinct southeast indians
melungeon indians
muscogee (creek)
natchez indians
seminole indians


southwest tribes

apache indians

arivaipa indians


halchidhoma indians
hopi indians
hualapai tribe
navajo indians
o’odham/pima/papago
pueblo indians
yuman peoples

mojave indians
maricopa indians




sub-arctic tribes

aleut / unangan
alutiiq

chugachmiut / chugach
koniagmiut / koniag
unegkurmiut


athabascan indians

ahtna indians
denaina indians
gwichin indians
hän indians
holikachuk indians
koyukon indians
kuskokwim indians
tanana / tanacross


yupik / cupik natives




tribes by state

arizona indian tribes
alabama tribes
arkansas indian tribes
california indian tribes
colorado indian tribes
connecticut indian tribes
delaware indian tribes
georgia tribes
hawaii tribes
idaho indian tribes
indiana indian tribes
illinois indian tribes
iowa indians
kansas tribes
kentucky indian tribes
louisiana indian tribes
maine indian tribes
maryland indian tribes
massachusetts tribes
michigan indian tribes
minnesota indian tribes
mississippi indian tribes
missouri tribes
montana tribes
nebraska indian tribes
nevada tribes
new hampshire tribes
new jersey tribes
new mexico indian tribes
new york tribes
north carolina tribes
north dakota tribes
ohio tribes
oklahoma indian tribes
oregon indian tribes
pennsylvania tribes
rhode island tribes
south carolina tribes
south dakota tribes
tennessee tribes
texas indian tribes
utah indian tribes
vermont tribes
virginia indian tribes
washington indian tribes
west virginia tribes
wisconsin tribes
wyoming tribes


treaties by tribe

indian treaties a – c
treaties by tribe d – l

delaware treaties


treaties by tribe m – p

navajo treaties


treaties by tribe q – s

seneca treaties


treaties by tribe t – z
acts of congress
agreements
executive orders
treaties by year


 



native american subjectnative actors, movies & tv
arts and crafts

native american artists
native american crafts


native american authors

native authors->a-l
native authors m-z
native american books

na book reviews


native american poetry


bands, gens and clans
culture & tribal customs

native american animals
burial / funeral customs
native american clothing
native american dances

pow wow dances
pow wow etiquette
pow wow terminology
pow wows by month
pow wows by state
pow wows by tribe


food & dyes & medicine
native american homes
native american religion

kachina gods
missionaries
native american prayers
native american saints
sacred places


tribal games
star knowledge
wedding customs


education & scholarships

grants & scholarships
indian boarding schools
native lesson plans
native american mascots
tribal colleges


famous chiefs / leaders

famous abenaki
famous apache
famous assiniboine
blackfoot / blackfeet
famous cherokee
famous cheyenne
famous comanche
famous crow
delaware chiefs / leaders
famous freedmen

pow wow rules


famous hawaiians
hochunk/winnebago
famous kiowa
famous miami
famous modoc chiefs
famous mohawk
famous navajo
famous nez perce
famous ojibwe
famous ottawa
powhatan leaders
famous sac and fox
famous seneca
seneca leaders
famous shawnee
famous shoshone
shawnee leaders
shoshone chiefs
famous sioux
sioux chiefs
suquamish / duwamish
famous wampanoag
wyandot chiefs
famous yakama
historical photos
native american quotes
native american athletes
native american soldiers
native american women


indian casinos
native genealogy
native american history

ancient native americans
battles & indian wars
native history facts
historical speeches
native american timelines


native american humor

indin jokes


native american law
legends, lore & symbols

alabama legends
algonquin legends
apache legends
arapaho legends
arikara legends
bigfoot legends
blackfoot / blackfeet
cahuilla legends
cherokee legends
cheyenne legends
chinook legends
coushatta legends
creation legends
crow indian legends
goshute legends
gros ventre legends
hidatsa legends
inuit legends
iroquois legends
legends, lore & symbols
kalispel legends
kwakiutl legends
makah legends
maliseet legends
miami legends
mi’kmaq legends
mission indian legends
miwok legends
modoc legends
navajo legends
ojibwe/chippewa
omaha legends
origin legends
osage legends
ottawa legends
paiute legends
passamaquoddy legends
pawnee legends
pima,papago, o’odham legends
pit river indian legends
ponca legends
potawatomi legends
pueblo legends
quinault legends
salish legends
seminole legends
seneca legends
shawnee legends
shoshone legends
sioux legends
squamish legends
tsimshian legends
ute legends
winnebago / hochunk
wiyot and yurok legends
wyandotte / huron
yokut legends
zuni legends
unidentified legends


native american music

drum groups
native american flutists
peyote songs
pow wow songs


native obituaries
us indian reservations

reservation overview
us reservations a to c
reservations d to g
reservations h to k
reservations l to n
reservations o to r
reservations s to t
reservations u to z
reservations by state
reservations by tribe


native american statistics
native american symbols

mayan astrology
medicine wheel
sacred numbers
totem animals
visions/dreams


native american tattoos
native events / tourism
native american videos
mailbag archive
native american archives

1999 archives
2000 archives
2001 archives
2002 archives
2003 archives
2004 archives
2005 archives
2006 archives
2007 archives
2008 archives
2009 archives
2010 archives
2011 archives
2012 archives
2013 archives
2014 archives
2015 archives
2016 archives
2017 archives


 






 



shoppingon sale / close outs
art / hand painted
bags / medicine bags
beadwork
breastplates
clothing & hats
craft supplies
dance / prayer fans
dance staff / coup stick
dreamcatchers
drums / flutes / rattles
hat bands & belts
home decor
jewelry & accessories
knives
medicine wheels
mirror ornaments
peace pipes
talking sticks
shields / wallhangings
tomahawks / war clubs
site infoarticles home
shopping home
contact us
privacy policy
site map
disclosure

		
in compliance with ftc guidelines, please assume the following about all links on this website that are outbound links: since i share products and services i use and love with my readers, assume that i may receive a small commision if you buy something or subscribe to a service from a link on this website (at no additional cost to you). if you do buy something, thanks for your support !  among others, we are a participant in the amazon services llc associates program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for us to earn fees by linking to amazon.com and affiliated sites. pages on this site may include affiliate links to amazon and its affiliate sites on which the owner of this website will make a referral commission.the shopping links above this notice go to our own store, nativecrafts.us
 


 
 

← older posts







angak, hopi rain kachina


ahöla kachina, also known as ahul, opens the mid-winter powamu ceremony

the ahöla kachina, also known as ahul, is a spirit being, embodied by a man, in hopi religion.
ahöla is one of the important chief katsinam for first and second mesas because he opens the mid-winter powamu ceremony, sometimes called the bean planting festival, officially beginning katsina season. ahöla kachina, also known as ahul, opens the mid-winter powamu ceremony »» 

leslie marmon silko: a native american writer of distinction


leslie marmon silko is a laguna pueblo native american writer who is best known for her novels, short stories, and poetry. she is one of the most important figures in native american literature, and her work has been praised for its lyrical beauty, its complex exploration of native american culture and history, and its political activism. leslie marmon silko: a native american writer of distinction »»


sinixt or lake indians are now part of the confederated tribes of the colville reservation

today the sinixt, or lake indians, as they are also known, live primarily on the colville indian reservation in washington state, where they form part of the sinixt, or lake indians, which is recognized by the united states government as an american indian tribe.
a few sinixt live in their traditional west kootenay territory, particularly the slocan valley. they are no longer legally recognized by the canadian government.
most sinixt or lake indians are now part of the colville tribe in washington state, but once roamed both washington and british columbia, canada.
in canada, this tribe has been ‘officially’ declared distinct. they are now one of the twelve bands or tribes that make up the federally recognized confederated tribes of the colville reservation, and are fighting to reclaim their traditional status in canada. sinixt or lake indians are now part of the confederated tribes of the colville reservation »»


graham greene quick profile


graham greene (born june 22, 1952) is a canadian actor who has worked on stage, in film, and in tv productions in canada, england, and the united states.
greene is an oneida, born in ohsweken on the six nations reserve in ontario, the son of lillian and john greene, who was an ambulance driver and maintenance man. today, graham green is one of the most prolific native american actors in both film and television.
although graham greene worked for many years as a supporting actor in stage plays and on television, greene first became famous as an actor for his role of kicking bird in kevin costner’s 1990 film dances with wolves. greene received an academy award nomination for this role. graham greene quick profile »»


truth and consequences on the reservation–the elouise cobell story

elouise cobell heard the stories for years: the government was cheating native americans on payments for land rights. she took up the cause, and now the blackfoot indians are poised to reap billions.
in blackfoot country, passing down stories from one generation to the next is an intricate part of tribal culture. the people who live here at the foot of the montana rockies pride themselves on the accuracy of this oral tradition.
in the spring, when the geese have returned and the first rumble of thunder has rolled over the land, the blackfeet begin a series of sacred ceremonies in which the stories they tell must never be embroidered, lest they be colored over time. truth, they say, is the core of their history. truth and consequences on the reservation–the elouise cobell story »»


the first butterflies, an ojibwe legend


author: ojibway oral story
long ago, when human twins were born to spirit woman, she relied on the animals to help her take care of them. all the animals loved the first human babies and did everything they could do to help them.
the dog watched over them. the bear gave his fur to keep them warm. the wolf hunted for them. the doe provided them with milk. the beaver and the muskrat bathed them. the birds sang lullabies to them.\
the dog was an excellent guardian. the twins had only to cry out and the dog jumped to his feet, his tail wagging. when he found out what was troubling the children, he set it right- or called someone else who could help. the first butterflies, an ojibwe legend »»


native american pottery

fired clay is the only material on earth that does not change with time.
in the past, the skill of pottery making was associated with neolithic culture, with the development of agriculture and settled communities (6000 – 4000 bce).  however, pottery was being made by asian hunter-gatherers 13,000 years ago. 
by 4000 – 3000 bce, chinese and middle eastern potters were using potter’s wheels and closed kilns.  by the 7th century bce chinese potters of the t’ang dynasty were producing unrivaled glazed earthenware as well as porcelain.  greek potters were exporting their characteristic black figure pottery and in meso-america the olmecs were creating unglazed tripod pottery.
although ceramics making began in central america around 9000 bce, the skill did not arrive in north america until 4000 bce when indians of the southeast first took it up,  about the same time the dog was domesticated and agriculture and a more sedentary life style became common in this area.   native american pottery »»


the mishewal wappo tribe of alexander

the mishewal wappo tribe of alexander valley headqurtered at 2275 silk road,windsor, ca 95492 is the last remaining wappo tribe in existence, the tribe now claims 357 enrolled members, all lineal descendants of 10 families who lived on the reservation in 1935.
the wappo indians are asking the government to restore their tribal status, benefits and historic land rights.
the wappo are a group of three similar-speaking people: the northern mishewal (warrior people) of alexander valley and southern lake county; the central mutistul group of knights valley and eastern sonoma county; and the mayakmah (water going out place) of the southern tidal areas of napa and sonoma valleys. the mishewal wappo tribe of alexander »»


the blackfoot language: a window into the culture and history of the blackfoot people

the blackfoot language is a member of the algonquian language family and is spoken by the blackfoot people in north america. it is an indigenous language that is predominantly spoken in alberta, canada, and also in montana, usa. 
the blackfoot language has two main dialects: siksika and kainai. it is an endangered language with only a few thousand speakers remaining, mainly elderly people. the blackfoot language: a window into the culture and history of the blackfoot people »»

 
 

← older posts







aaa native arts
   























